Fuutarou's Final Regret Chapter 1:One Year Later, a quintessential quintuplets fanfic
…

...

"Uesugi-san!"

"There's still a lot I'm holding back."

[Why?]

"Next...It's your turn"

"Please...Don't say you won't pick anyone."

[I wanted to help you fulfill your dreams]

"Let's work hard together!"

[I only...wanted to be needed]

"Fuutarou"

…

…

Beep Beep

*click*

Fuutarou:"I had that dream again."

1 Year After Graduation

Afternoon

Fuutarou is walking back from his afternoon classes. While he looks over his notes for the day, Takeda catches up to him in glorious fashion.

Takeda:"Ah Fuutarou, my friend! I finally got to see you, I was simply bored of waiting. These classes are truly something else, but I shall perse-"

Takeda falls to the ground in exhaustion, still sparkling as he attempts to move his face in the dirt. Fuutarou stops looking at his notes to see Takeda slowly get up. Once he sees he's just fine, he continues walking.

Fuutarou:"Guess it's hard keeping that up at all times. Wouldn't it be better if you let that go from time to time?"

Takeda:"Oh, Fuutarou, can you truly say something like that with such a straight face? You're the one constantly bottling up your emotions. Tell me, from the way you're acting, you had a weird dream again, right?"

Fuutarou stops in his tracks and looks back at Takeda, who got back up.

Fuutarou:"H-How'd you know?"

As Takeda cleans his face of the dirt, he makes a pose, only to sparkle brighter than before.

Takeda:"I've been your friend for so long, I practically know every emotion you have from a few glances."

Fuutarou:"That's creepy."

Takeda: "I like to call it "true friendship", ah, that face you're making is your "I'm disgusted" face, you first made it when I came out of the shower naked that first day."

Fuutarou:"Honestly, have you no shame…?"

Fuutarou stops walking, he puts his hand over his mouth.

Takeda:"Hmm? What's wrong, was your breakfast bread not good this morning?"

Fuutarou:"There it is again, how did you know I ate bread?"

Takeda:"Fuutarou, my friend. That's the only thing you know how to make."

Fuutarou:"Well, it's what I was taught, it's what's keeping me alive on a budget."

Takeda:"Ah, yes. Your boss from that bakery taught you, right?"

Fuutarou:"Huh? Well, yes, he was an influence, but…"

Fuutarou places his hand over his mouth again.

Fuutarou:"I got...extra help at another bakery."

Takeda shone brighter than ever before.

Takeda:"Yes, help from those you cherish is truly the most wonderful thing a man can have. It's from those experiences that you can rise and become the greatest you can be! Wouldn't you agree, my dea-Hey, wait for me!"

As they went back to their dorm, Fuutarou kept thinking about that dream.

Fuutarou:"Honestly...it's probably not even a dream anymore, it might be more of a nightmare at this point, it's practically haunting me at this point. Why? Even though I'm already...Why can't I stop having it?"

Takeda:"Sounds like someone's in a state of denial."

Fuutarou:"Shut it, you. I'm not regretting anything. I know...I know I made the right choice, she needed someone like me and I helped her. That's...that's what anyone would have done."

Takeda:"Oh? Did I ever mention someone in particular?"

Having realized his mistake, Fuutarou begins to grit his teeth.

Takeda:[Ah, that's his "Unsure" face.] "Well, if you're happy, that's all that matters in the end, is it not? C'mon now, you don't have to be so reserved with that kind of stuff."

Fuutarou widens his eyes and slides away from Takeda.

Fuutarou:"Are you just messing with me at this point?"

Takeda's sparkles turn into question marks as he tilts his head.

Takeda:"Now, whatever could you mean..?"

Fuutarou blushes as he puts one hand over his mouth while the other is used to keep Takeda at bay.

Fuutarou:"No, never mind, just remembering something that happened long ago,but...it's not...it shouldn't be important."

Takeda:"Hmm, how confusing. Ah! That reminds me, you're going back home this upcoming vacation, correct?"

Fuutarou:"Uhh, yeah, I've been invited to go to the same hot springs I won a trip to a few years ago."

Takeda:"Hehe, that smile says you're excited to meet them again."

Fuutarou looks at Takeda, not realizing the massive grin on his face.

Fuutarou:"H-Huh? What are you talking about?"

Takeda:"You can't fool me, you're going to see the quintuplets again, aren't you?"

Fuutarou hesitates for a second, then finally notices his unconscious smile. Realizing there was no backing out of this, he responds

Fuutarou:"Yeah...of course I'm excited, they're my irreplaceable friends…Though, why did they just tell me!? I was supposed to get a 2-week notice, but I have to be there in a couple of days!"

Takeda:"Oh my, was Fuutarou forgotten?"

Fuutarou:"I guess so, Yotsuba was supposed to remind me. But, Miku had to go and tell me instead…"

Takeda:[Ah, now that's a grin]

End of Chapter 1

Chapter 1 Extra

Fuutarou goes to the restroom, Takeda swiftly follows behind.

Fuutarou:"Why do you always follow me here? Do you even have to go?"

Takeda:"I always believe in true friendship, and being like this is wonderful for relationships. I'm truly glad our friendship has blossomed so well."

Takeda, overflowing with emotions, goes to hug Fuutarou.

Fuutarou:"Don't you dare! Two stalls, Takeda!"



Fuutarou's Final Regret Chapter 2:The Hot Springs, a quintessential quintuplets fanfic

Uesugi Home

Fuutarou returns home after a long trip, he gives a quick smile to the closed bakery before opening the door.

Fuutarou:"I'm back, mom…"

Fuutarou notices the motorcycle that his previous owner had let him borrow on previous occasions.

Fuutarou:"hmm, could that really be the same one? I don't see the manager anywhere. Oh, well. It's best to not stick my nose."

Fuutarou opens the door.

Fuutarou:"Raiha? Dad? I'm back!"

He notices a paper on the table, which reads...

-"Hey, Fuutarou!

It seems Maruo got impatient waiting and his butler's giving us a ride there, we couldn't pass up such an offer, so we're going ahead of you! Don't worry, we were able to call your old manager and he's letting you use the motorcycle for you to use. I mean, it's not THAT bad of a trip, you can make it!

P.S. Don't worry, we left you some money, it should be enough for a drink or two!

Underneath, another message

I'm sorry, brother! Love, Raiha"-

Fuutarou:"That guy, going off without me. *sigh* I'll have to thank the manager later."

As Fuutarou turns on the tv, the forecast for the weather mentions possible thunderstorms near the hot springs.

Fuutarou:"Huh, it looks like there might be trouble. I hope everyone gets there fine."

As Fuutarou put his things away, he noticed a book sticking out of his drawer. It was an edition of Historical Warlords, the at the time newest version that came out 3 years ago. After moving it away, it revealed 4 other items.

Fuutarou:"I never gave these to them. I'm terrible at cooking, so I thought this would be a better gift for White Day, though I could always try the chocolate to her, I have a better understanding of..."

Fuutarou went silent as he slowly put the book back. With a wry smile, he started walking away.

Fuutarou:"..No, it's too late now."

Hot springs

A young girl and blonde man get out of a limousine.

Isanari:"Alright! We're back here! Time to drink till I pass out!"

Raiha:"Dad, just because it's a trip doesn't mean you should go overboard."

Maruo:"I concur with your daughter."

Raiha and Isanari see the very serious Maruo in his suit, coming out of the front door of the inn. Behind him are three of the five quintuplets. Itsuki, Nino, and Ichika

Itsuki Nakano(20):While still studying, she's become the helper of the most successful teacher in her school. She remains ever vigilant about continuing her mother's legacy

Nino Nakano(20):Now the manager of her own restaurant, she's become a respected leader among her peers. She wishes of having the greatest restaurant in Japan

Ichika Nakano(20):After her first successful role, she's been receiving more and more offers, becoming a sensation among casual filmgoers and film critics alike.

Raiha:"Itsuki! Ichika! Nino!"

Ichika,Itsuki,Nino:"RAIHA!"

The three rush to hug Raiha. At the same time, Isanari goes to Maruo

Isanari:"Aaaand what do you mean by that? Life is all about the moment, you can't have fun if you're constantly second-guessing yourself."

Maruo:"Only a fool would see the world in such a light."

Isanari:"Bleh, I'd rather be a fool than a plank of wood with multiple regrets. By the way, weren't there five of you?"

Ichika:"Ah, Miku had problems with her trip, so she won't make it until tomorrow, but Yotsuba should be here soon."

Yotsuba:"Heeey!"

Nino:"Speak of the devil."

Yotsuba approaches, waving her hand while running towards them

Yotsuba Nakano(20):After being accepted into the best athletic university in the country, she's been constantly working out. While she's learned to say no from time to time, she can't help but feel bad for those in need. Now wears a white ribbon.

Maruo turns to her, gripping his sleeves.

Yotsuba:"Ah, sorry, there were some problems with my bus. I wish I had my bike."

The sisters go to her and share a hug.

Itsuki:"I'm so glad you're doing well. Huh, you changed ribbons?"

Yotsuba:"Huh? Oh, ahaha, funny story. What happened to my other ribbon was-"

Nino:"She lost it."

Ichika:"Totally lost it."

Itsuki:"Hmm, are you really doing fine?"

Yotsuba:"At least let me tell the story!"

As the sisters reconcile, Yotsuba notices Miku nor Fuutarou are to be seen.

Yotsuba:"Say, are Miku and Uesugi-san not here yet?"

Raiha:"Ah, well, Dad wanted to come here on limousine, and Mik-"

Nino:"Uesugi-san!? How are you not on a first-name basis with him!?"

Yotsuba looks down, sweating with nervousness.

Ichika:"Come now, I'm sure she has a reason. With enough dates, she'll be able to, right Yotsuba?"

Yotsuba continues to stare a hole into the ground, unable to say anything.

Itsuki:"Yotsuba, how many dates have you two gone on together?"

Yotsuba:"W-well, you know how tough it is staying in shape, not to mention Uesugi-san really likes to study, it's like his life is work, haha."

Nino:"Yotsuba!"

Yotsuba:"Just the one!"

Itsuki:"Ugh, that jerk. I can't believe he's kept you like this for so long."

Yotsuba:"No no, it's not his fault, we just haven't seen each other much."

Raiha:"Hmm? Do you guys not talk to each other?"

Ichika:"Of course she does, we all do. We're friends after all, we always stay in touch."

Yotsuba:"Yeah, it's just...when I talk to him, it's like his mind is in-"

Maruo:"I'm glad you're safe, Yotsuba-kun. Come, let us meet your Grandpa."

Yotsuba:"O-Oh, right. C'mon, Raiha, let's go."

End of Chapter 2


Fuutarou's Final Regret Chapter 3:Meetup, a quintessential quintuplets fanfic

While the quints went into the building, Fuutarou was making his way to the hot springs, going up the hill now. As he got closer, he noticed that the clouds were only getting darker.

Fuutarou:"That can't be good. I wonder if the springs have a roof."

As soon as he said that, small droplets started to come down. Soon, it was raining hard. Fuutarou was able to get to the top before the thunder started coming down. As he walked in, he could hear some screams. Even though he ran to see who it was, he had an idea of what would happen. The screams came from the Woman's side. As soon as he got to the door, it opened, showing all four girls in towels with their hair down. Fuutarou got one look at them and, knowing the consequences, shut the door as quickly as it opened.

Yotsuba:"H-Huh!? Uesugi-san!?"

The others jumped in surprise, unaware that Fuutarou had seen them like that.

Nino:"Fuu-kun!?"

Itsuki:"You're already here?"

Ichika:"Haha. I'm feeling a slight sense of deja vu."

Fuutarou:"I'm sorry, it wasn't on purpose, I just heard screams."

Yotsuba:"Ah, sorry, it just started to rain hard as we were getting in, it caught us off guard."

Fuutarou:"Yeah, I was afraid of that...wait, is Miku not here?"

Nino and Ichika looked at each other. Itsuki, along with the rest soon came out, now fully dressed, though with their hair still down.

Yotsuba:"Yeah, Miku had some problems on her trip, she should be here tomorrow."

Fuutarou:"Right, she did mention having a lot of work... I hope she makes it all right. Thanks for telling me, Ichika."

The girls gave him a death stare, soon Fuutarou realized his mistake.

Fuutarou:"Uh, sorry."

Fuutarou looks closer, trying to see who he just got wrong, Yotsuba starts blushing. Nino looks at Fuutarou.

Nino:[Was that just a fluke?]

Fuutarou:"Hmmm...Ah! Are you Yot-"

Before Fuutarou can answer, Maruo shows up with Grandpa by his side. Each of his steps create a loud echo in the hallway. As Fuutarou turns towards him, he suddenly feels unbelievable pressure. Fuutatou gathers his courage and decides to walk towards him.

Fuutarou:"Ah, Dad, Grandpa, nice to see you ag-"

Maruo walks past him. Grandpa stops just short.

Fuutarou:"Eh?"

Grandpa:"Nice to see you again, young man."

Maruo:"Itsuki-kun, Ichika-kun, Nino-kun, Yotsuba-kun. Are you quite all right?"

Nino:"Yeah, we were just startled from the sudden downpour."

Grandpa:"I told you you should have waited to come, hehe."

Maruo:"No, it's fine, simply a minor setback. Come, let us go back to our rooms, the rain shouldn't last another day."

The sisters:"Riiight."

Yotsuba:"I'll go get some snacks! I'm...I'm glad you're here, Uesugi-san!"

As the rest leave, Fuutarou speaks up.

Fuutarou:"Oi, Yotsuba."

Yotsuba stops in her tracks. Fuutarou attempts to grab where her ribbon would be but only grabs the air above her head, seeing that there was nothing there, he simply continued.

Fuutarou:"Did you forget about my reminder!? Why did Miku have to pick up your slack, do you know what her workload is!?"

Yotsuba:"Ahh, I'm sorry, I promise it won't happen again!"

Before she leaves, she tries to put on a suggestive pose at a facepalming Fuutarou before running away and turning the corner.

Yotsuba:"Uesugi-san...It's nice to see you again."

Fuutarou:"...Huh? Oh..Yeah, it's good to see you too. What a way to meet you guys again, it would have been better if ever-Hey, Yotsuba, don't run in the hallway, you dumbass!"

Fuutarou decides he should go too, but he's stopped by Grandpa.

Grandpa:"I saw the whole thing, so you are still unable to fully discern my granddaughters, huh?"

Fuutarou:"Kuh! I-I uh, it's not that I can't, I just need some…*sigh*, sorry. It seems I still need training."[I hope he doesn't mind I called his granddaughter a dumbass]

Grandpa gives a small chuckle.

Grandpa:"That Maruo, not one to make such simple mistakes. One look at the forecast and he should have known."

Fuutarou:"...You didn't try to stop him?"

Grandpa:"And miss my chance to see him worried and a little panicked? I don't think so."

Fuutarou:"Heh, you really are their grandfather."

Silence fills the hallway.

Grandpa:"Recently, my health has been getting worse, so much so that that boy has become adamant about having my grandchildren visit me. Now that those girls are turning into adults...they've begun to drift apart in their everyday life. Perhaps Maruo did know, but saw this as the only viable time for all of us to get together. I'm happy that he cares so much."

Fuutarou looks away for a little bit, unaware of how to continue the conversation.

Grandpa:"I...I truly am glad."

As Fuutarou turned towards the old man again, he continued.

Grandpa:"Ever since I lost Rena, I couldn't bear to think about what my granddaughters felt. I had believed that, if I became more distant, then my eventual death would pass them by as if it were another day. Looking back, I know that was the most foolish thing I could have done. I never gave them advice, I never taught them how to look after themselves. Not to mention, I never helped them after that...horrid man took everything away from Rena. The only reason they were able to continue was because they had each other...even if I'm sure they had bumps along the road. That Maruo...even though he tried to distance himself from them, though I could tell he slowly became an overprotective father...I wonder who had the ability to turn him into that…"

Grandpa gives Fuutarou a look. Afraid, but determined, he looks back. There, he sees a gentle smile in the old man. As Grandpa wipes his eyes, he finishes.

Grandpa:"But...seeing them now, I won't make such regretful decisions, not anymore. Ichika, Nino, Yotsuba, and Itsuki. I can see that they've grown up to be exceptional women. I haven't seen Miku face-to-face yet, but from the letters and photos she's sent, I can tell she's changed the most...to think that a girl such as herself could have such a bright smile. They used to all dress the same, possibly for my benefit, but now, their beautiful individuality shines through each and every one of them. That's why...Uesugi Fuutarou...I thank you. I thank you for making my daughters happy."

Grandpa bows to Fuutarou, after getting over the initial shock, he bows back.

Grandpa:"Well, I should be going back now, I need to make sure this storm is manageable."

Fuutarou:"Right..I... I should go too."

As they turn away from each other, their distance in the hallway grows and grows, when Grandpa suddenly stops.

Grandpa:"But tell me, Uesugi Fuutarou...Are you truly happy right now?"

Fuutarou's body jolts towards Grandpa as he turns the corner, before he can chase after him, he hears running near him. Embarrassed that someone might have overheard, he goes to check, but sees that no one is there.

Fuutarou:"*sigh* I might as well take a tour."

As he goes to his room, he sees Isanari and Raiha before she's taken away by Yotsuba to go play. Once Fuutarou berates Isanari for leaving him behind, he takes a stroll around the inn. Soon, the rain stops and he decides to go outside. He notices the bell and goes towards it.

Fuutarou:"Ah, this place, such a great view…Looks like the floor's still slippery..."

Fuutarou looks at the bell for a long time, simply standing there.

Fuutarou:"This was where she...Yeah, it couldn't have been anyone else."

Grandpa's words cross his mind.

[What I want...isn't necessary. Yotsuba needed me, so helping her is what I must do. She...she doesn't need me.]

Fuutarou touches his lips, then blushes as he turns around. He slowly walks to the handlebars and slams his head onto them as hard as he can. Once Fuutarou got over the intense pain, he started to walk back towards the inn.

Fuutarou:"I've spent enough time, I should...I should go back."

End of Chapter 3

Chapter 3 Extra

Fuutarou:"Really, why is this floor so slippery? Can't they just-whoa!"

Fuutarou slips and slides all the way back to the inn. Once he hits the front door, he sees the grandpa standing there with a mop.

Grandpa:"Do you like it? I like to keep this place clean."

As he walks away, Fuutarou wonders just what is up with that old man.


Fuutarou's Final Regret Chapter 4:Quint Talk, a quintessential quintuplets fanfic

The Quint's room

Nino:"To think it would start raining so soon, not to mention that guy almost saw us naked again...I just hope Miku is doing fine."

Ichika:"She texted me right before getting on the airplane, apologizing for not being able to come sooner."

Itsuki:"What was the reason she couldn't get here on time?"

Nino:"Her culinary school was doing a big festival in order to get sponsors. Somehow, she found herself as an ambassador which resulted in her working overtime."

Ichika:"She's truly come a long way."

Nino:"Well, she had too. Her food was capable of ending lives."

Itsuki:"Hehe, I liked eating what she made."

Yotsuba:"Um, guys?"

The three sisters turn to Yotsuba.

Itsuki:"What is it, Yotsuba?"

Yotsuba:"Ah, well. It's just...What do you guys think love is?"

The girls stared at Yotsuba, knowing who she wanted to talk about.

Itsuki:"Well...That's a little hard to-"

Nino:"Love is that annoying feeling you get when your prince comes for you. You can't stop thinking about the idiot that made you feel this way. It's all such a pain...But it's a feeling you couldn't do without."

Ichika:"Love is such a strong feeling. It's what you feel for someone you care deeply about. You treat them in a different way, even if you don't mean to. Oh, it's such a sublime, yet scary feeling that lingers with you for so long."

Itsuki:"Umm, Shimoda had an...interesting view on love, but I think it's simply something you feel for someone you like!"

Nino:"That's vague."

Itsuki:"It's a hard question!"

Yotsuba:"Um, are you guys still in love with Uesugi-san?"

The sisters stop. They proceed to look at Yotsuba with slight disgust on their faces.

Nino:"Well, if he got on his knees and begged, then I might take him up on his offer...I really did love him, but as the days go on, that feeling gets smaller and smaller. By this point, I can say that I really do like him...but, only as a best friend! As long as Fuu-kun is happy, I'll be happy too."

Ichika:"I...took longer than normal getting over him. He really was the worst person I could have fallen for. Fuutarou-kun is such an odd person. Hehe, but if he needs a big sister to lean on, I'll always be there to listen to his problems. As long as Fuutarou-kun is happy, his big sis is happy."

Itsuki ponders about her answer.

Itsuki:"I've kept wondering if I truly loved Uesugi-kun…"

Nino and Ichika turn in shock.

Itsuki:"Perhaps, I was simply jealous of the concept of love. Seeing all of my sisters fall in love with the same man, I felt like I had to follow suit as if it was natural...But I'm sure of it now! I love Fuutarou...as my greatest friend!"

Nino pounces on Itsuki

Nino:"Oh, Itsuki, with your body, you'll find hundreds of men willing to be with you, though that belly might be a turnoff, heh."

As Itsuki started fighting back, Ichika had a sigh of relief.

Ichika:"That startled me, here I thought Itsuki was really in love. So, Yotsuba, why did you suddenly bring this up?"

Yotsuba:"Well, I was wondering how Uesugi-san really felt. It's as though there isn't anything between us...Ah, I wish I could ask Miku as well."

Ichika:"What's stopping you from just calling her?"

Yotsuba:"I'm afraid of what her answer will be."

Ichika:'Afraid that she hasn't moved on?"

Yotsuba:"No, I'm afraid that she has moved on."

Silence filled the room.

Yotsuba:"I love Uesugi-san...But...Because I love him, I can tell…"

Yotsuba remembers the karaoke session she had with Miku. During their showdown, there was the perfect amount of silence in between the songs.

…

...

{Miku:"Yotsuba, I'm sure you've already noticed...Just try everything you can to make your relationship successful."}

As she shone a smile at Yotsuba, the next song started.

…

...

Yotsuba:"I couldn't tell exactly what she was talking about, but after thinking about it for so long, I came to a conclusion…"

As Yotsuba closes her eyes, she remembers something

["But tell me, Uesugi Fuutarou...Are you truly happy right now?"]

Yotsuba opens her eyes.

Yotsuba:"Girls, I need your help for something, will you please help me?"

The three girls nodded to each other.

Itsuki:"What do you need us to do?"

Yotsuba:"Well, we'll need a few costumes."

End of Chapter 4

Chapter 4 Extra

Yotsuba:"Say, Ichika. Why did you say that you were experiencing deja vu?"

Ichika:"Remember how he had us take a test because he ran into me naked?"

Nino:"Fuu-kun also saw me naked when those books fell on us."

Yotsuba:"Oh, yeah! He saw me like that too when we went to Kyoto!"

…

The girls turn to Itsuki, who only responds with silence and intense sweating. The sisters, barring Ichika, cover their faces with their hands.

"Has he seen all of us naked!?"


Fuutarou's Final Regret Chapter 5:The Final Game, a quintessential quintuplets fanfic

…

…

…

…

"Uesugi-san!"

"Hey, F-, did you know that Yot…."

"Let's do our best, Fuutarou-kun"

"I won't hold back anymore"

"I'm sure there's a better option…"

"Of course, in a weird way."

"I can tell...She needs your help-"

"Fuutarou"

[That dream again]

The Next Day

Raiha:"Wake up brother, it's time to wake up."

Fuutarou:"I dun wanna. My head hurts, let me keep sleeping forever."

Raiha:"If you keep hurting yourself like that, you'll get brain damage!"

Fuutarou:"Ugh, fine. What time is it anyway?"

Isanari:"IT'S 7:30 IN THE MORNING!"

Raiha:"Dad, I told you not to drink so much, it's not good for your health!"

Isanari stands and stretches.

Isanari:"My health, huh?"

Raiha:"Jeez, dad. Go on ahead, brother, I'll tend to this."

Fuutarou:"...Right, I'll see you at breakfast."

Fuutarou looks at his phone to confirm the time before he leaves it on his futon. He decided to change to his normal clothes before leaving. As Fuutarou was walking towards the breakfast area, the bell once again caught his attention in the corner of his eye.

Fuutarou:"That's right, when is Miku supposed to be here?"

Right as he said that, he noticed a girl in a dress run across the hallway.

Fuutarou:[Was that Yotsuba? No, that girl's hair was longer.]

As Fuutarou turned the corner, he saw 4 Renas standing there, all wearing their hats in a way that covered their faces.

Fuutarou:"You...have got to be kidding me."

Rena 1:"Uesugi Fuutarou-kun"

Rena 2:"Have you missed me?"

Rena 3:"We haven't seen each other in a long time."

Rena 4:"What do you say we-"

Fuutarou:"What are you idiots doing!?"

Fuutarou starts running towards them.

Rena 4:"H-Hey, no runni-"

Fuutarou:"I've had enough of your disguise crap!"

All the Renas panic and start running in separate directions. Fuutarou stops to see which one he should go after first.

Fuutarou:"Don't think I'm the same as before, I've had gym workout training like never before! That damn Takeda forced me to after he realized I had experience with it!"

Fuutarou went after the first Rena, she wasn't too fast, but she never stopped to look behind her, clearly confident in her pace. However, Fuutarou cut her off after taking a shortcut.

Rena 1:"Ah, looks like you've caught up to me. How impressive, good for you."

Fuutarou:[What a scowl, not to mention that dominant aura, but I can't deny her fragile interior. Yes, it can't be anyone else] "You're Nino!"

...

Nino:"Heh, well done. Though it just makes me wonder why you weren't able to tell it was Yotsuba yesterday."

Fuutarou:"Ah, well. I can do it, I just need a little bit of time."

Nino:[Then how could you tell Miku wasn't here so fast?] "Heh, you're smart enough to tutor all of us, but you're such an idiot when it comes to love."

Fuutarou:"Tell me why you guys are doing this."

Nino:"Like I'd tell you so easily, bleh. Go on now, there's 3 others running around."

Fuutarou:"Fine, I'll get the reasoning sooner or later. Ah, Nino."

Nino:"What is it?"

Fuutarou:"I'm sorry...I was never able to answer you properly."

Nino:"What? Oh, hahahaha!"

Fuutarou:"Wh-why are you laughing!?"

Nino:"Did you think I didn't know what your answer would be, I loved you, silly. Of course I knew what the answer was! I kept trying in hopes of changing your mind, but I'm not as dense as you are!"

Nino slaps Fuutarou's back.

Nino:"Although, if Miku is correct...You're not dense, you're just stupid!"

Fuutarou:"Urk! Well, I-"

Nino:"Don't bother, go find the others."

Fuutarou:"Right..."

As Fuutarou started walking away, Nino couldn't help but look at him.

Nino:[I love my sisters. I loved that man. Even though I pushed him away, he continued to help us. So much has happened...I began to believe I've moved on. But, if what she says is true...Could I begin to hope again?]

Fuutarou:"Ah, Nino."

Nino:"hmm?"

Fuutarou:"It's embarrassing to admit, especially since I know you'll just tease me...But..You were the reason I began to look at love differently."

No response. Fuutarou began to wonder why there was no response, as he turned to see what Nino could be doing, his eyes were covered by her hands.

Nino:"You can't see me right now...If you saw how red my face is right now, I'd never forgive you."

Fuutarou:"...Alright, I get it. I'm quite pathetic, aren't I?"

Nino:"Hell yeah, you are! You tactless loser! If you get your heart broken, just know that you'll have to beg for me to pick your sorry ass up!"

Fuutarou:"Yeah, I know. Thank you, Nino."

Nino:"Ah! Stop being so sappy and just go!"[I'm sure these feelings will change, for better or worse, but as of right now, I love my sisters and I love Fuu-kun. I love them so much.]

Fuutarou runs away, ready to find the second Rena.

…

...

After some looking around, he found her in the room where the quints were sleeping. While looking for his surroundings in case Maruo saw them, he was able to cut the second Rena off when she took a turn into a dead end.

Fuutarou:"Hah..Hah...I got you."

The second Rena grins.

Rena 2:"Well, Uesugi Fuutarou-kun...Can you discern who I am?"

Fuutarou:[Her smile, sense of confidence and general mannerisms. This regal presence combined with a lazy attitude. No doubt about it.] "You're Ichika!"

Ichika:"My my, not bad, Fuutarou-kun. To think that before, you had no idea how to tell us apart unless we told you directly."

Fuutarou:"Heh, there was no mistaking you, you lazy bum with the mask of beauty."

Ichika:"Oh, are you trying to flatter your big sister~?"

Fuutarou:"In a way, I guess. I mean, you are the "Ace" of the family after all."

Ichika's eyes widened, as she looked up at Fuutarou, he had a grin reminiscent of the one Ichika would often give Fuutarou. Ichika simply laughed once she realized what Fuutarou was doing. Once she stopped, she walked towards Fuutarou and patted him on the head. Surprised, Fuutarou took a step back.

Ichika:"Hehe, What's wrong? It's natural for the big sister to worry."

Fuutarou:"That part of you will never change, huh?"

Ichika:"You know...I was scared when Y-...when the other Rena suggested we do this...The last time I put on a disguise, it was to hurt my sister."

As her voice stutters, Fuutarou gathers his courage and returns the head pat he had received earlier.

Fuutarou:"You already know what you did was wrong, you've apologized...and Miku forgave you. What's there to be worried about?"

Ichika:"Oh, Fuutarou-kun, that part of you hasn't changed either, huh?"

Fuutarou:"What do you mean?"

Ichika:"Oh, whatever! Go on, there should be other Renas out there, go get them!"

Fuutarou:"Heh, all right, Thank you, Ichika."

Ichika:"Huh? For what?"

Fuutarou:"For being a role model for your sisters...they've all become better in hopes as being as good as their big sister."

Ichika:"Just like how Raiha wishes to do her best for her big brother, huh?"

Fuutarou:"Heh, I guess so."

As Fuutarou went to look for the others, Ichika couldn't help but have a massive grin on her face. She yells out.

Ichika:"Hey! If you're ever feeling sad, remember that your big sister will give you a lap pillow!"

Fuutarou:"I'll keep it in mind!"

…

…

After more looking, Fuutarou notices one of the Renas standing in the middle of the check-in hall. As Fuutarou gets closer, she turns around.

Rena 3:"Good job finding me, Uesugi Fuutarou-kun. Tell me, can you tell who I am?"

Fuutarou:[This feeling, it's calm, but childish, yet mature. Her easy-going expression that clearly wants to take care of you..It's clear who this is.] "Heh, of course I can. If you think I can't recognize the whole reason I got into this mess to begin with, you're mistaken! You're Itsuki!"

Rena 3:"Eh?"

Fuutarou:"Hmm, what is it?"

Rena 3:"Fuutarou, I'm Miku…"

...

Fuutarou couldn't help but laugh.

Rena 3:"Huh? Why are you laughing, F-Fuutarou!?"

Fuutarou:"Do you honestly think you can fool me, Itsuki? I know the 'Meat Bun Demon' when I see it!"

Itsuki:"Wh-Who are you calling 'Meat Bun Demon'!? Gosh, why are you always so tactless!? Ah."

Fuutarou:"You did a great job, you're better at disguising than before."

Itsuki blushes, realizing her mistake. Fuutarou reaches in his pocket, but as he notices nothing is there other than the coins his dad gave him, he grabs his head.

Fuutarou:"Ah, I left it at home. Anyway, Itsuki, tell me where the last Rena is!"

Itsuki:"You already found the others? Well, I'm not telling you, that's the point of this."

Fuutarou:"...And what is the point of this?"

Itsuki:"If you don't already know, then you'll have to find the last Rena."

Fuutarou:"Ugh, what a pain...Everything has been a pain since I met you losers!"

Itsuki:"Eek!"

As Itsuki stepped back, Fuutarou calmed down.

Fuutarou:"Even though you guys have put me in this hell, I can't help but feel thankful. I was your tutor, but I learned far more from you guys than I could ever teach you. I don't take pride in many things, but you guys are the greatest people I could have met. So...Thank you, Itsuki."

Itsuki:"Hehe, You're welcome, Uesugi-kun!"

Fuutarou leaves with a smile.

Itsuki:"We've taught you a lot, huh? Well, if what she said is true...It's time for your final lesson, Uesugi-kun."

…

...

Fuutarou's stamina finally runs out, making him walk in his quest for the final Rena. As he finds a set of stairs, he decides to sit down. After a while, he sees a shadow loom over him.

Fuutarou:"There you are, the final Rena."

He looks up to see the fourth and final Rena.

Rena 4:"Good to see you again, Uesugi Fuutarou-kun. I assume you're familiar with the process now?"

Fuutarou:"Yeeep, let's get this over with."[This feeling...It's childish, caring, and optimistic. But underneath, there's a feeling that doesn't sit right. It's not like Miku's self-image issues, nor like Ichika's regret, it's something else, and I know it has to do with me] "Ichika slipped up, so I demand an explanation. What's the point of this, Yotsuba!?"

Yotsuba:"Ahaha, you did it, huh? Tell me, Uesugi-san, do you doubt your ability to find us now? Do you think you can tell Grandpa you're able to tell us apart?"

Fuutarou:"Ah, so you were the eavesdropper... But I guess you're right...I was able to tell you all apart. Was that the whole reason for this?"

Yotsuba:"Well, part of it. You being able to do this means you like us all. You told us the same thing back during the festival, but now I see that you're finally able to live up to that statement. For that reason, I can ask you this with confidence…"

Fuutarou ponders what she could be talking about, but he could tell, if even for a second, what Yotsuba was ready to ask.

Fuutarou:"Wait, Yot-"

Yotsuba:"Do you really love me?"

End of Chapter 5


Fuutarou's Final Regret Chapter 6:Fuutarou and Yotsuba, a quintessential quintuplets fanfic

Fuutarou looks around in a panic, to see if anyone could see them. After confirming his family, the other sisters and especially Maruo weren't there, he turned back to Yotsuba.

Fuutarou:"What...are you talking about?"

Yotsuba:"I want you to tell me...Why did you pick me that day?"

Fuutarou starts scratching his head.

Fuutarou:"You're really putting me on the spot here."

Yotsuba:"I'm sorry, but I need to know."

Fuutarou:"Why's that, is there anything wrong with our relationship?"

Yotsuba puts her hand on her chin, thinking.

Yotsuba:"I've never been in a relationship before, I always just thought that the confession was good enough, even if they don't go on many dates, as long as the two love each other, it should be fine...But, I think that only works when the two people in a relationship love each other mutually."

Fuutarou starts to walk up the stairs, but Yotsuba keeps her distance.

Yotsuba:"So, I'll ask once again, why did you pick me that day?"

Fuutarou remembers that day of the festival. The words continue to ring in his head.

{"Hey, F-, I believe that Yotsuba needs your help…"}

{"My help…?"}

{"I'm sure you've noticed it, but ever since middle school, Yotsuba has had this feeling around her...She's helped me out so much, even when I can tell it's been eating at her...I want to help her back, but she'll most likely deny anything I say...so, please….F-, help her. Yotsuba is -}

[What could she have meant by that? She even told me the room that Yotsuba is staying at...Is she telling me to pick her? ….That must be it...If what she said is true…then Yotsuba must be…]

{Fuutarou:"Kept you waiting, huh?"}

….

….

{Yotsuba:"I'm sure there must be a better option!"}

[She was right...there is something wrong with Yotsuba, it must be because she…]

{Fuutarou:"I've come to see you, Yotsuba."}

….

….

[Why...is she running?]

….

….

{Itsuki:"Unnecessary consideration will only add insult to injury."}

[Yotsuba, I...I want to help you, I will become your beacon of hope!]

….

….

{Yotsuba:"I love you."}

[Ah...so this is what I must do. For what Yotsuba has done for me, it's finally my turn to pay her back...Isn't that right, M-?]

...

….

{Fuutarou:"I love you. Please Marry me."}

[Ah, what Ichika said worked, but I think I went too far]

{Yotsuba:"My dream...is to be a bride!"}

[But, if this is how I can become needed...Then I will help Yotsuba, no matter what]

…

…

{Nino:"Man, they really don't look like a couple."}

{Ichika:"Have you guys kissed yet?"}

{Yotsuba:"Ahaha, we haven't. Uesugi-san is just really awkward."}

…

…

Fuutarou:"The reason I picked you is because…"

[You needed me]

Fuutarou:"I…"

[You needed me]

Fuutarou:"love…"

[You needed me]

Fuutarou:"y-"

[I wanted to be needed]

Yotsuba:"Stop right there!"

Fuutarou, not noticing that he was looking down, raised his head to a Yotsuba that, while smiling, clearly had a pained look.

Yotsuba:"You know...the whole "you can find us with love" thing also works the other way...I love you, Uesugi-san...but it's because of that love, I can tell."

Yotsuba grabs her skirt.

Yotsuba:"Miku warned me...she let me know that I needed to strengthen our relationship...But I was scared...Of course I wanted to go on more dates. Of course I wanted to kiss you...I wanted to be with you forever!"

Fuutarou:"Yotsuba…"

Yotsuba:"I didn't want to admit it, I was so happy when you confessed...when you proposed...For the first time, I thought...if it was alright for me to be happier than my sisters...I was running away the whole time. Miku has always believed in you to do the right thing, but there are times when even you need someone to push you forward. I wanted all of us to live without any regrets, for my sisters to look to the future with a smile...but you had the biggest regret of us all, didn't you?"

Fuutarou looks down again, he wanted to stop Yotsuba, he wanted to tell her that it didn't need to be like this, he wanted to tell her he loved her.

But he couldn't.

Fuutarou's body refused to move, his mouth felt snapped shut...He couldn't stop Yotsuba.

Yotsuba:"That's why…"

Fuutarou's eyes widened.

Yotsuba:"I'm breaking up with you, Uesugi-san!"

…

…

Fuutarou:"Eh?"

Fuutarou stays still, expecting either an explanation or for Yotsuba to announce she's joking, but she simply stands there. As time goes on, her expression changes from a pained scowl to a more confident and sure expression.

Fuutarou:"Ah"

Fuutarou can only mutter a simple stutter, unable to speak.

…

…

Fuutarou:"Ah!"

Yotsuba jumps a little, not expecting Fuutarou to raise his voice out of nowhere.

Fuutarou:"I got it! Man, Yotsuba, I can't believe y-you're still not confident...I told you before, I want to have you by my side. I know you want to live with no regrets. So please, don't…"

Yotsuba:"None of what I said is a joke."

Yotsuba turns around.

Yotsuba:"Ichika, Nino, Itsuki...Miku. My wonderful sisters have all helped me through so much…"

{Don't group me together with you}

Yotsuba:"Even when I pushed them away…"

(I'm number one out of my sisters! I'm special!)

Yotsuba:"Even when I didn't deserve their love…"

{Miku:"The five of us can overcome any hardship."}

Yotsuba:"They never saw me as anything less...They always saw me as equal to them. So...that's why, even now, I must make my own choices!"

Yotsuba turns towards Fuutarou.

Yotsuba:"This applies to you too...Right now, you're not the Uesugi-san I fell in love with...You're nothing but a shell!"

Fuutarou:"..."

Yotsuba:"The Uesugi-san that I like...The Fuutarou-kun that I love...He is his own person. He's stubborn, selfish, and acts like a bad person. But underneath, he's caring, selfless, and is actually a really great person! So, I ask this of you, please follow your heart, and go after the one you really love!"

Fuutarou tries to counter what Yotsuba just said, but he couldn't find the words.

Yotsuba:"Ah! Are you still being stubborn about this!? I'll slap sense into you if I have to!"

Yotsuba starts smacking Fuutarou, clearly without any power behind each slap. As Fuutarou stands there and takes it, he mutters the only words he can.

Fuutarou:"Is...Is this what you truly want?"

Yotsuba stops as her hand reaches Fuutarou's chest.

Yotsuba:"Of course not…"

Fuutarou:"Then…"

Yotsuba pushes Fuutarou, increasing their distance yet again.

Yotsuba:"I know what your dream is, Fuutarou-kun. You wanted to be needed, a wish that started with your love for Raiha. A dream that started from the loss of your mother. It's a great dream! Dreams are what can help you take the first step to a better future, they're what keep your feelings from collapsing. But, overreliance on said dreams can be detrimental...My wish is to be a bride...and while I still cling to that dream, I know...I know if I fulfill that wish with you by my side, it will hurt you far more than I can imagine. Dreams are meant to evolve, not from the will of a past you that has ceased to exist, but from the future you that has yet to exist."

Fuutarou realizes that no matter what he says, he won't be able to change her mind. Not since she met her had he seen such resolve from her. This whole time, he had followed his sense of self he had since he was a kid.

[Tell her she's wrong.]

Fuutarou knew she wasn't wrong.

[Tell her you love her.]

Fuutarou knew he didn't love her.

[Tell her…]

Fuutarou stopped his thoughts, and as he was trying to regain his words, the only thing that came out of his mouth was but a whisper of a name. A name...that wasn't Yotsuba's. She smiles.

Yotsuba:"The one you love...isn't here right now, is she?"

Fuutarou's head shot back up to see Yotsuba holding her face with both her hands.

Yotsuba:"I'm so glad you've looked my way. I'm so glad I was special to you, even if for a bit. I've never been so happy, but now...It's your turn."

Fuutarou's eyes widen, all he can do now is cover his mouth.

Yotsuba:"The one you're looking for...she should be here at noon. It's around 8:30 right now, but she'll be dropped off at the bottom of the hill, in that little remote town. So, go get her!"

Fuutarou's body starts moving on its own, he gives Yotsuba a hug.

Yotsuba:"Eh? Fuutarou-kun!?"

Fuutarou lets go of her and bows.

Fuutarou:"Thank you for everything!"

He turns around and begins walking towards the check-in area.

Yotsuba:[There he goes...I'm relieved I was able to tell him everything I wanted to...Ah! I forgot to tell him I was the girl he met! Arrgh, now's the time, Yotsuba!]

Once Fuutarou makes it down the stairs, Yotsuba yells to him from the top of the stairs.

Yotsuba:"Fuutarou-kun! I...I'm the one who…!"

Fuutarou:"Yotsuba!"

Yotsuba:"Huh?"

Fuutarou:"I know."

Yotsuba stopped, she couldn't believe it...when had he found out? Even though she wanted to ask, there was only one thing she could honestly do.

Yotsuba:"Fuutarou-kun!"

Fuutarou turns, for a split second, he could have sworn that the Yotsuba that met him on that fateful day eight years ago, was right there, next to the current Yotsuba. With the same pose, at the same time, they both speak.

Yotsuba:"Be careful!"

Yotsuba(eight years ago):"Be careful!"

As she says this, Fuutarou responds. For a split second, she could have sworn that the Fuutarou that she met on that fateful day eight years ago, was right there, next to the current Fuutarou. With the same pose, at the same time, they both say...

Fuutarou:"Of course!"

Fuutarou(eight years ago):"Of course!"

Fuutarou leaves.

…

…

Yotsuba:"I can't believe it...I did it...I did it!"

{"Wow, it really is Fuutarou-kun! I can't believe we're in the same school!"}

Yotsuba:"I was so happy...but I also did some things I'm not proud of."

{"I should take Miku's bread with me...but, what would happen if I didn't…?"}

…

…

{Ichika:"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Miku…"}

{Miku:"No worries. Love hurts, doesn't it? Thank you, Ichika."}

As the sisters reconciled after the events that happened in Kyoto. Miku went to Yotsuba alone.

{Miku:"Yotsuba...You love Fuutarou, don't you?"}

{Yotsuba:"Huh!? What are you-?"}

{Miku:"I hope you try your best...I consider you my rival."}

{Yotsuba:"..."}

…

…

Yotsuba:"Miku…Ah...I see...I'm surprised I was able to hold them back for so long."

Tears start flowing down Yotsuba's face, even when she tries to clean them, more tears keep flowing out.

Yotsuba:"I'm so glad...I'm so glad I was born!"

As she breaks down, Ichika, Nino and Itsuki catch up to her.

"YOTSUBA!"

Nino:"That guy! What did he do to-"

Yotsuba hugs the 3 of them.

Yotsuba:"I'm so happy you're my sisters! Waaaah!"

Immediately, Nino calms down.

Itsuki:[Yotsuba...So, you were able to…]

Ichika:[You've really grown up.]

The sisters all hugged, the only thing heard for a while were the echoes of Yotsuba's cry.

…

…

Check-in room

Once Fuutarou gets there. He sees Maruo and Ebata.

Ebata:"Ah, Fuutarou-san. I've been told ahead of time. You'll be picking up Miku today,yes?"

Fuutarou:[I see, so this was planned too.]

An object is thrown at Fuutarou, he barely catches it as it nearly hits him in the head. An umbrella, thrown by Maruo.

Fuutarou:"Da-"

Maruo:"You've made my daughter cry again, haven't you? If you don't leave right now, I will change my mind!"

Maruo gives the most intimidating face he's ever given. While scared, Fuutarou doesn't falter, he knows why he's like this...Fuutarou goes past him with a smile.

Fuutarou:"Finally acting like a real father, huh?"

Maruo:"It's never too late to do the right thing, isn't that right, boy!?"

Fuutarou nods. He exits the check-in area.

Ebata:"I shall get breakfast ready."

Maruo is left alone. A can of beer slowly goes towards him, but Maruo stops it before it reaches his cheek.

Maruo:"..And what do you want, Uesugi-kun!?"

Isanari:"I wanted to give you a reward for not killing my son."

Maruo narrows his eyes.

Maruo:"If I wanted him gone, I'd have done it a long time ago. However, I cannot deny the good that the boy has done for my daughters."

Isanari gives a big grin.

Isanari:"I'm sure your missy's mother is as proud of your daughters as Aoi is as proud of Fuutarou."

Maruo:"Aoi?"

Isanari:"Oh, you remember her! That was... the woman I loved."

…

…

End of Chapter 6

Chapter 6 Extra

*5 minutes later*

Nino:"Alright, Yotsuba. Stop crying so we can ea-I can't get out of her grip."

Ichika:"S-She's pretty strong."

Itsuki:"I had a feeling this might happen, so I came prepared!"

Itsuki takes out snacks from her pocket.

Nino:"Hey, I'm hungry, too! Give me some!"

Ichika:"I'd like some too, please."

Yotsuba:"WAAAAAHHH!"


Fuutarou's Final Regret Chapter 7:Aoi and Isanari, a quintessential quintuplets fanfic

"Please go out with me!"

A young blonde boy, in his teens, bows as he confesses to the girl he had a crush on. The long-haired girl responds.

"Um, who are you again?"

The boy blushes as he shoots up in embarrassment.

Isanari:"I'm Uesugi Isanari! The boy who sits next to you in class!"

"Ah, I see. I think I remember someone like that...My name's Yutori Aoi, nice to meet you!"

Isanari:"I...I know that."

Aoi:"Oh! Then...why did you call me here?"

Isanari:"To confess!"

Aoi:"Confess? Did you do something bad?"

Isanari:"No, I...I love you!"

Aoi:"Eh?"

Isanari:"I want to go out with you!"

Aoi starts thinking, although there's not much going on in that head of hers, even she could tell what Isanari wanted, to be her friend!

Aoi:"Alright! I'll go out with you!"

Isanari:"Really? Alright!"

…

…

Aoi:"I failed another test, teehee!"

Isanari:"Aoi, if you keep failing like that, you won't be able to fulfill your dream...What is your dream anyway?"

Aoi:"To open my own bakery!"

Isanari:"I see, so what can you bake?"

Aoi:"Well…"

…

…

Isanari:"Huh!? Where am I?"

Maruo:"In the nurse's office, one of the teachers found you foaming out the mouth in the hallway."

Isanari:"Oh..Well, I wonder what happened."

Shimoda enters in a pure panic.

Shimoda:"Oi, this is bad! That punk girlfriend of yours is trying to hand bread out to people!"

Isanari:"Hmm? What's so bad about that?"

Shimoda:"That damned bread is why you're here, dumbass!"

Isanari:"Huh!?"

…

…

Isanari:"Hey, Maruo...I think I'm gonna stop being a delinquent."

Maruo:"Good for you, Uesugi-kun. Now you can get that hair back to normal."

Isanari:"Hell no, the hair is staying. It's just...Argh, that girl, she won't be able to see her dream through...Not without me."

Maruo:"Are you sure it's fine to indulge her like that? If she's unable to keep something like a bakery, then what's the point?"

Isanari:"I get what you're getting at...But, I'll help her! Man, love is so confusing. Don't you have someone similar you want to take care of?"

Maruo looks towards the end of the hall to see Shimoda talking with her role model, a teacher known as Ms. Nakano.

Isanari:"Ho? Is that the stare of love I see?"

Maruo:"Hmph. I cannot see what you're getting at."

…

…

Aoi:"Isanari! I did it, I passed!"

Isanari:"That's great, our efforts paid off!"

Aoi hugs Isanari, shocking him. But, knowing this is a great chance, he hugs her back.

…

…

"Congratulations on Graduating!"

…

…

Isanari:"Are you sure about this store? This place is pretty expensive to keep clean."

Aoi:"Yep, I've been getting better and better at baking!"

Isanari:"...I guess I haven't had to go to the hospital as often."

…

…

Aoi:"Come to our bakery! We're open for business! We're the "Legendary Bakery That Won't Make You Puke!"

Isanari:"That's a terrible name!"

Aoi:"Oh, then what do you have in mind?"

Isanari:"The Badass Bakery That Kicks Your Taste Buds In The Ass!"

Aoi:"Eh!? That's even worse!"

Isanari:"Even worse? So, you admit the name is bad!"

…

…

Isanari:"Will you marry me!?"

No response. As Isanari looks up, he notices Aoi in tears.

Isanari:"Aoi, what's wrong?"

Aoi:"I don't know, I don't know. I'm just, I just...I can't stop crying...Even though I've never been happier!"

Isanari:"Ah, haha...Hahaha!"

…

…

Aoi:"Hmm, we haven't had many customers this month. Oh, well! I just need to keep trying harder!"

…

...

Isanari:"Aoi! Why are you putting salt in the flour!?"

Aoi doesn't respond. Before long, she jumps in Isanari's arms.

Isanari:"What's wrong, are you feeling okay?"

Aoi:"Isanari...I think I'm pregnant!"

Isanari:"Eh..EEEHHH!?"

…

…

Aoi:"His name will be...Fuutarou!"

Isanari:"Look at that scowl...I can tell he's not gonna be great at parties."

...

…

Isanari:"The bakery's not doing so hot, even though Aoi has only gotten better and better. I knew I should have taken a Business major."

…

…

Fuutarou(4 years old):"Your hair is so cool, dad! I want it like that!"

Isanari:"Uh, no, you don't."

Aoi:"What's the harm? I think it looks cool! Maybe I should dye my hair too."

Isanari:"You will do no such thing!"

…

…

Aoi:"Um, Isanari?"

Isanari:"What's up? Oh, did we finally get a customer?'

Aoi:"Um...Well, you could call it that...This customer is a little small, though."

Isanari:"What are you-"

Aoi:"I'm pregnant again!"

Isanari:"Eh..EEEHHH!?"

…

…

Isanari:"Aoi, please don't overwork yourself. I'll take care of the store today, alright?"

Aoi:"Right...Thank you...Isanari."

…

…

Aoi:"Her name will be...*cough* Raiha!"

Isanari:"Look at her, isn't she cute?"

…

…

Isanari:"Goddammit!"

Aoi:"It's okay, Isanari. As long as we pay what we owe this month, they'll forgive us next month!"

…

…

Aoi:"Please come to our bakery! *cough**cough*"

"Isn't that the store Mr. - got food poisoning from?"

"Yeah, and I hear the husband used to be part of the Yakuza, I mean look at his hair."

"Not to mention the placement of the store is suspicious. We shouldn't go there…"

Isanari:"What was that!? Come and eat her bread and you'll see how incredible it is, you bastards!"

…

…

Isanari:"Aoi! Did you do Raiha's hair?"

Aoi:"Yep, is there something wrong?"

Isanari:"Just look at it! It looks like she has an antenna!"

Raiha:"Wahahaha!"

Aoi:"She seems happy about it, what's the harm?"

…

…

Aoi:"Isanari, I'm starting to worry about the state of the bakery... *cough* *cough* Should we close it down for a bit?"

Isanari:"What? But this is your dream, right? We just need to believe! Soon, everyone will see how great your bread is!"

Aoi:"...You're right! Let's keep working hard!"

…

…

Aoi/Isanari:"Please come to our store!"

…

...

Isanari:"Damn it, DAMN IT! We won't be able to make it this month either...No, I just need to take out more loans! I will have her dream flourish! I can do it! I'll make sure Fuutarou and Raiha have great lives, no matter what! Aoi needs me more than ever right now, I will...I will help her succe-"

…

…

Isanari:"Huh?"

Doctor:"Your wife is in critical condition. She's overworked herself far too much. It seems she's had a horrible fever for a while now, but never came for a check-up."

…

…

Isanari:"Aoi, I'm here to visit again!"

…

…

Isanari:"How're you doing today, Aoi?"

…

…

Isanari:"Alright, Aoi! I'll come to see you again tomorrow!"

Aoi grabs Isanari's arm.

Aoi:"Isanari...I don't think I can go on for much longer..."

Isanari:"What? No, that's not right...I'm sure you're just-"

Aoi:"Isanari…"

Isanari quiets down. It's rare, but there are times when Aoi gets really serious. In those moments, Isanari makes sure to listen.

Aoi:"I'm so grateful for everything you've done for me...I never thought that the delinquent that confessed to me on that day would be with me for the rest of my life...I want to say that even with our grievances, that I have no regrets, but...I'd be lying if I said that…"

Aoi starts to cry.

Aoi:"I don't like that I might not see Fuutarou and Raiha grow up. Passing Elementary and middle school...Graduating High School...Graduating College. I don't like that I won't be able to give them advice, even if I'm not the best role model...I don't like that I won't be there to give them a shoulder to cry on when they're feeling sad...I don't like that I won't see that cheerful Raiha brighten up everyone's day with her smile...I don't like that I won't see Fuutarou grow into a dependable man...I don't like that I won't give them love tips...I hate that I won't be able to see them get married. I hate it."

Isanari:"Aoi...Aoi! Everything will be alright...I swear everything will be-"

…

…

Isanari returns home one night, with cans of beer and bottles of wine. Fuutarou and Raiha are there to meet him.

Fuutarou(six years old):"Dad! How's mom? Is she doing fine?"

Isanari stays silent.

Fuutarou:"Dad?"

Isanari Whispers:"Go...go to your room...:"

Fuutarou:"Huh? What was that?"

Isanari bites his lips.

Isanari:"I said, GO TO YOUR ROOM!"

Startled and scared, Fuutarou takes Raiha with him to their room. As he closes the door, Isanari starts drinking...for the very first time. He breaks down, crying Aoi's name. That night, in the Uesugi household, only the pained screams of Isanari could be heard.

…

…

…

…

Isanari:"I closed the shop soon after that."

Maruo:"I see...I was still in training during that time..Had I known, I could have-"

Isanari:"What's done is done, Maruo...Sorry for telling you the whole story...It's just that I remembered something."

Maruo:"And that is…?"

Isanari:"That missy of yours, the one that Fuutarou's going to...She wants to open her own bakery, doesn't she?"

Maruo:"...Are you…?"

Isanari:"It's just an idea, nothing more! Did you know that Raiha wants to become a doctor? Not only that...Fuutarou's been taking a Business major. It's funny, it's like both of them are following in our footsteps...No, they're going beyond us, they're such great children…"

Isanari's voice begins to stutter.

Isanari:"Even though she's not here...I know that she would be so proud of her children...Just as proud as I am…"

Isanari covers his eyes as he begins to tear up.

Isanari:"I loved her...I loved her so much…"

As Isanari calms down, he looks towards Maruo. For that second, Isanari could have sworn that Maruo had been smiling, but it left as soon as it came. Before Isanari could talk, Maruo replaced the can of beer in his hand with a card.

Isanari:"Huh? What is this?"

Maruo:"It's my business card. If your daughter wishes to receive some help, I would be willing to lend a hand."

Maruo begrudgingly whispers."This also applies to your son…"

Through his tears, Isanari gives a wide grin and puts his arm over Maruo's shoulder.

Isanari:"This is why I love you, dude!"

Maruo:"Please let me go, Uesu...Isanari-kun, I still need to do something."

…

…

As Fuutarou gets his manager's motorcycle ready, he sees Raiha.

Raiha:"Are you going to get Miku?"

Fuutarou:"Yeah, take care of Yotsuba, I'm sure she's going through a lot right now."

Raiha:"You got it! Just make sure you make it back safely!"

Fuutarou:"Of course, thanks, Raiha!"

Fuutarou gets out of the Inn Front Gate, where he sees Grandpa.

Grandpa:"Well, I knew I mentioned it...But I wasn't expecting it to happen so soon. Perhaps my age has begun to mess with my sense of time"

Fuutarou:"Really? To me, you're doing quite well for an old man. Thank you, I swear I won't have their efforts go to waste."

Grandpa:"That's good...I can't say I'm not a little mad that my granddaughter is crying, but I can hope that this will help you become a man worthy of them."

Fuutarou:"Yeah. Say... I never got your name."

Grandpa Nakano raises his head, seeing the figure of a more confident Maruo overlap with Fuutarou, he smiles.

Grandpa:"It's Ren, Uesugi Fuutarou."

Fuutarou smiled back. He turned on the motorcycle and began to ride down the hill. Soon, Maruo went up to Grandpa.

Maruo:"Well, it's unlike you to be so friendly. It seems that boy has won you over as well."

Grandpa Ren:"Tell me, Maruo. Do you regret becoming their father?"

As soon as he stops talking, Maruo responds immediately, with no hesitation.

Maruo:"Of course not. I'm very proud to have become their father. What about you? Do you regret-"

Grandpa Ren:"Of course not! I love them with all my heart. I'm surprised someone like you went along with this plan."

Maruo:"I could say the same thing to you, sir. I admit that I wished for Yotsuba to be happy, but if this relationship would only hurt her in the long run, it would be best for it to end...I don't want her to make the same mistakes we have…"

Grandpa Ren:"Yet you're allowing him to go to Miku?"

Maruo:"At this stage...Whether Miku accepts him or not is up to her. However, I can at the very least see that this is what Fuutarou-kun truly wants."

…

Grandpa Ren:"Did you just…?"

Maruo:"You heard no such thing!"

Grandpa Ren:"It seems he's gained your trust enough for you to genuinely care about him."

Maruo couldn't find the words to counter with. Despite his best efforts, he eventually gives a small smile, one that he'll never admit, but one he could never deny he had. Both Maruo and Ren watch as Fuutarou rides down the hill until he's out of their sight…

End of Chapter 7

Chapter 7 Extra

Maruo and Ren watch as Fuutarou rides down the hill until he's out of their sight…

Isanari:"Woah, look at all this wine! Is this antique? Hope you don't mind if I take some!"

…

Grandpa Ren:"Maruo?"

Maruo:"Yes, sir?"

Grandpa Ren:"Get my stick."

Maruo:"Right away."


Fuutarou's Final Regret Chapter 8:Fuutarou and Miku, a quintessential quintuplets fanfic

Fuutarou rides down the mountain, his thoughts all over the place. He began to wonder if he had simply been following the flow of the situation, just as he had done on that fateful festival. Fuutarou began to let the previous fears that perpetuated during that time rear their head once again. Was Fuutarou truly ready for what he was about to do, or was he going off the adrenaline? Even now, Fuutarou's concept of love had not yet been completed. Ever since the concept had gone past his mental barrier so long ago, even after the events in this very same hot springs 3 years ago, after the events in Kyoto, after he had bought that book on love, after he confessed and had been dating Yotsuba. Fuutarou was scared...scared of failing both himself and her.

Fuutarou had known he was not the best boyfriend to Yotsuba. Was it because he had known that she was not the one he was destined to be with, or rather, is that just how he truly handles such a relationship? Could he become a person worthy of such a responsibility? Fuutarou had thought of this before…

Would Miku be on board with this? Despite Miku clearly being in love with Fuutarou, she still tried to help Yotsuba on that day. Yotsuba declaring her love was not what Fuutarou was expecting, but...in order to help her...in order to not be in Miku's way, he went along with such a thing, he wanted to be needed, to help the sisters to continue to live with no regrets. This blinded Fuutarou, as he was the one with the biggest regret. Miku and Fuutarou stayed in touch throughout his first year at Tokyo University, however, whenever they talked, Fuutarou would keep the topic of love out of the conversations, something he did not do for whenever Nino or Itsuki asked about Yotsuba. Fuutarou never disclosed too much as he found it to be the sisters prying their way into subjects that he simply was not comfortable disclosing to others. But, Miku never asked...Perhaps she had been dodging the subject similar to Fuutarou, or maybe, she thought that as long as Yotsuba was with him, she would be happy. Now, it had been over a year since he chose Yotsuba...It had been more than a year since he broke Miku's heart. He could see how Miku felt during his time with Yotsuba, as she tried to move on from her first love.

Over a year later, being their first time meeting face to face, how would Miku react to the Fuutarou's break up and subsequent confession from him? Fuutarou began to think the best course of action would be to start again from scratch, a new start that would hopefully blossom into a new love...But they wouldn't see each other every day like before, they had taken different choices in life, thus increasing their distance. Would Fuutarou create a new feeling of love from Miku while so far away? What if she finds someone else during that time?

Fuutarou was almost halfway down the mountain before this thought popped in his head, the one he became scared of.

What if Miku had already moved on...What if she already found someone else?

"thump thump"

At that moment, Fuutarou's heart skipped a beat. He simply wouldn't be able to handle it so easily, he didn't...he wouldn't want her to be someone else's.

…

…

Fuutarou:"How hypocritical…"

Fuutarou had made her wait so long. From the moment she fell in love with him to the moment he chose Yotsuba...he had made her run around for him. She had done everything to have Fuutarou see her as someone special, all while he made her wait. It wasn't just her...Nino and Ichika as well. He would dodge their advances, he would keep his inner thoughts secret...And now, Fuutarou had the gall to not want that to happen to him. He hated that feeling, the feeling of the one he loved going to someone else. Not only had he done that very thing to Miku...he made her live with that decision for over a year now…

Fuutarou:"Who the hell do I think I am?"

He didn't want to let those that paved the way to this moment down, but his guilt had begun to take over. At this point, and many before, he felt that he did not deserve her...Fuutarou, despite his best efforts...was simply selfish.

{"Let's make memories we won't regret!"}

Yes...that's it. Fuutarou began to ready himself. He understood that everything he did to her was terrible, that he made her wait, that he broke her heart, and now, after so long, he was going to go back on all of that to try and have her by his side yet again, as she had done so many times before. Fuutarou realized something within him just by being with Miku, he had tried to become a sign of selflessness, most likely to continue the legacy his late mother had left behind...But he had begun to come to terms with who he really was. Fuutarou wanted her by his side, he wanted her to only look at him with those compassionate eyes of hers...Even though he had done so many terrible things to her...He wanted to be with her. Right now, Fuutarou was the most selfish man in the world.

…

…

Once Fuutarou was almost done with riding down the mountain, he began to contemplate his relationship with Yotsuba. In the end, he had simply been lying to her with his fake feelings for such a long time, to the point where it was her that had to end the relationship. Fuutarou also wondered about the past she had with him. He had found out on the third day of the festival. While Miku did not outright tell him, he was able to come to the conclusion on his own after putting Miku's clues together, but he questioned as to why she didn't bring it up.

Fuutarou:[Did she think I would hate her if she came clean? There's no way that would happen.

I could never hate Yotsuba because of that.

I could never hate Ichika, even after what happened in Kyoto.

I could never hate Nino, even after all she tried to do to keep me away.

I could never hate Itsuki, even after introducing me to this life.

I could never hate any of them.]

He began to wonder if, under different circumstances, he could have fallen in love with Yotsuba. She was seemingly everything that Fuutarou looked for in a woman. Fuutarou could have really fallen for her...no, maybe, just maybe, there actually was a point where Fuutarou had feelings for her.

But…

Fuutarou's memories become flooded with thoughts of her. Her smiles, her actions, her soft words. Everything that she had done not only for him but for herself, to improve as a person. From when he chased her, their new years, the play date, the first hot springs trip, the Kyoto trip, the aquarium, the pool, the Sunrise Festival…

Fuutarou smiles as he remembers her. That girl...She was so stubborn, so hard to understand, so clumsy. She truly was an idiot. There truly was nothing special about her...but along the way, through her tenacity, her willingness to improve herself...She became special to Fuutarou. No matter what, in this act of selfishness, Fuutarou was ready.

…

…

The small town of Yuzine

As Fuutarou entered the town, he had to look for 'Eien Street', the place Miku would wait in.

Fuutarou:"Should've probably asked for a map…"

The streets were mostly empty, with the exception of the occasional person.

Fuutarou:"It really is quiet…"

With the help of some locals, and with trial and error, he eventually finds it. He decides to wait on a bench outside of a bakery, closed for the day.

Fuutarou:"Ah, they didn't tell me exactly where the bus would stop, just the street, and I left my phone back at the hot springs...Well, I'll find her."

He sees a vending machine. While tempted, as he hasn't had anything to eat all day, he decides to just sit there, knowing that Ebata's food will be that much richer once he comes back. In the corner of his eye, he sees a church with the name 'Sutekina'.

Fuutarou:"Sutekina Church? Didn't think there'd be such a thing in this town."

Fuutarou looks up to see the hill where the hot springs were before reaffirming himself.

Fuutarou:"Alright, from my estimate, she should be here in about two hours. When the bell rings, she should be here."

As time went by, Fuutarou began to wonder about the process.

Fuutarou:"How should I go about this?"

Over a year after his training, Fuutarou began having troubles on how to confess. Usually, it was one of the girls who did it. When he proposed, it was after weeks of training.

Fuutarou:"I can't take her on a tour like I did Yotsuba, it needs to be swift. Right, let's look at our options!"

Option 1:Come now, can't you see how much I love you? Hehe, come on, put your head on my lap, I'm sure you're tired….

Fuutarou:"No no no. I can't do something so bold, that's Ichika's territory."

Option 2:Did you know the best way to get to someone's heart is through their stomach? Let's go to a buffet together.

Fuutarou:"Yeah, no. That's Itsuki's expertise. Not to mention, I barely have money with me right now."

Option 3:You should be glad that someone like you is loved by someone lik-

Fuutarou:"Nino's way isn't gonna help here."

Option 4:Let's go shopping, then let's go to a Ferris wheel and a playground where I'll propose!

Fuutarou:"While Yotsuba's version isn't the worst. None of those are in this town...Those girls, even now, I'm looking to them for help...I think I'll just do it my own way...Whatever that is, I'm sure I'll figure it out."

…

…

The clock ticks, occasionally Fuutarou turns to the church in preparation of the bell ringing. Throughout he keeps thinking of possible confessions, but nothing really sticks. Soon, the clouds start to gather.

Fuutarou:"Looks like it'll start raining again, good thing their dad gave me an umbrella."

With time passing, Fuutarou begins to feel sleepy.

Fuutarou:"My head still hurts from yesterday, wasn't able to get much sleep, not including how that recurring dream keeps waking me up."

Fuutarou's consciousness begins to fade, before long, he closes his eyes and begins falling asleep.

…

…

BANG!

Fuutarou shoots up, waking up to a flurry of rain.

Fuutarou:"That was thunder. I didn't hear any bell, is it still before noon!?"

Fuutarou gets up.

Fuutarou:"Damn it! If she's here already, where could she be? Did she go inside of a store?"

As Fuutarou looks around, he can't see too clearly. He takes the umbrella, ready to ask someone about the time, he notices something…Fuutarou's heart almost stops.

Fuutarou:"Huh? For just a second...I could have sworn I saw…"

A girl is running.

…

…

She makes it under a banner next to another store.

…

…

As she sits on the bench, she pulls back her hair. With a small gust of wind, her hair flows freely. She is not wearing headphones, but Fuutarou could tell right away.

Fuutarou:"Miku."

Miku Nakano(20):Currently an apprentice at her culinary school. Through the skills gained during her first year there, she's become an ambassador for the school for when it has big events. Promised a job at Nino's restaurant. Her wish is to open her bakery.

As soon as he sees her, Fuutarou's mind starts to jumble. Despite all the preparation, he suddenly became unable to approach her. In his panic, he reaches into his pocket, he then looks towards the vending machine. That's when Fuutarou gets an idea.

…

…

As Miku recollected her posture, she began to get lost in her own thoughts.

Miku:[Ah, what bad luck for it to be raining like this during our vacation. It's a good thing I took off my headphones in time, I hope they're fine, I already had one pair go because of water...Oh well, it doesn't matter too much. I hope we get to enjoy the hot springs when it comes to it. Haha, I can't wait to see everyone again...Has it really been a year? I can't wait to see how everyone is doing. Ichika, Nino, Yotsuba, Itsuki, Raiha, both my and her dad, grandpa and Fuutarou! I'll have to apologize for coming so late and making Ebata come pick me up like thi-kya!]

A cold feeling touches her cheek causing a chill to go through her body. Miku almost falls out of the bench. In her panic, she turns her head to see who could have snuck up behind her. As soon as she sees who it is, she yells

Miku:"Fuutarou!"

Fuutarou greets her with a grin.

Fuutarou:"Yo. Looks like you got here early. What's got you so focused that you didn't see me coming, Miku?"

Fuutarou sits down next to her.

Miku:"Why are you here? Did you not come with your family?"

Fuutarou:"Well, no, I mean, yes? They left me behind, but I made it here yesterday. Your butler couldn't make it, so they sent me to pick you up."

Miku:"Ah, that sounds like a situation...hm? How will we get there?"

Fuutarou:"We'll go on the motorcycle that my old manager let me borrow."

Miku gives a happy look towards Fuutarou. He almost jumps back from the shock.

Miku:"Mr. Adachi? Are he and Mrs. Adachi doing fine? I haven't been able to see them, I'd like to thank them for everything!"

Fuutarou:"O-oh, I don't know. I didn't see them, I'll make sure to tell you once I give it back."[Holy crap, my heart almost stopped there, was she always so cute?]

Miku:"That's a shame…"

Fuutarou, with the umbrella hidden, continues.

Fuutarou:"Since it's raining like this, we should wait for it to pass before we go."

Miku:"You're right."

Miku could see there was something off about Fuutarou, maybe the one year gap had changed her perception, so she decided not to ask anything. Rather, she looked down to see the culprit of her previous chill.

Miku:"Ah! You have..two cans of Matcha soda!"

Fuutarou looks down at the two cans, having already forgotten about them thanks to focusing solely on Miku.

Fuutarou:"Y-Yeah! I was given money for some drinks and thought you'd be thirsty."

Miku:"Thank you, Fuutarou. The long trip has left me thirsty! But, I don't think I can drink two in a row."

Fuutarou:"Well, this one's for me. I wanted to try it."

Miku:"Ah! What brought this on?"

Fuutarou:"You see, it was something I wanted to taste for a while now...Is this drink really as popular as you say? There's some vending machines that don't sell this, could you believe that? There was...a night where I was interested in it, but it didn't have it."

Miku:"Ahaha. I'm the only person I know who drinks it, so maybe it's a biased viewpoint...But, it's better late than never, right?"

Fuutarou:"Yeah...It's never too late to do the right thing…"

Miku giggles. Fuutarou has to look away from embarrassment.

Miku:"That's a little dramatic."

Fuutarou and Miku began to catch up with each other as the rain continued.

…

…

Miku:"There was this new game where-"

…

…

Fuutarou:"He becomes the most dangerous? What a design flaw!"

…

…

Miku:"I've been able to increase my abilities in baking!"

…

…

Miku:"...and then I had to be bedridden! All those taste tests eventually got to me!"

Fuutarou:"Now you know how I felt, and that was with the added chance of dying."

Miku:"I'm very sorry for that."

Fuutarou:"It's fine, you've always tried your hardest, I'm glad you were able to achieve your goal…"

…

…

Fuutarou:"Then that bastard made me work out! Just because I told him I had experience!"

Miku:"Ahaha! All because you went with me to the gym that one time."

Fuutarou:"Though, thanks to that, my stamina is greater. I hope you're not getting fat from all that bread."

Miku pouts.

Miku:"Fuutarou! You don't need to worry about me! If Itsuki's body can handle it, so can mine!"

…

…

Fuutarou:"That guy, Maeda. I hear he's already engaged with his girlfriend…"

Miku looks at Fuutarou with a smile.

Miku:"Looks like you're not the only one who jumped the gun anymore."

Fuutarou stops. He looks to the sky, as it starts to clear slowly.

Fuutarou:"The rain won't last forever, huh?"

Miku:"Well, the sun has to come out eventually, right?"

As he continues to grab his Matcha soda, Miku begins to wonder when he'll drink it.

Miku:"Matcha soda doesn't taste great when warm, so you shoul-"

Fuutarou:"Yotsuba and I broke up."

Complete silence from both of them. The only sound that could be heard was the pouring, which was beginning to slow down.

…

…

Miku:"Um…"

Fuutarou looked at Miku. Not knowing what her expression could be, saw a look of sadness. He could see that her first reaction was sadness for Yotsuba. Fuutarou wanted to smile, but decided now would not be a good time.

Miku:"Oh! Are you just having a fight with her? You two sure like to overreact. If you just have a good talk with her, I'm sure you'll overcome this together!"

Fuutarou:"Don't worry, she ended it on her own terms. We didn't have a fight."

Miku:"Oh...I see. Ah! I'm sorry about the proposal, I...I didn't know."

Fuutarou:"It's fine, there's no hard feelings."

Miku:"That's good. Oh, Yotsuba...What could have happened? Were you being a good boyfriend, Fuutarou!? Maybe she got sick of you!"

Fuutarou:"Haha, I can't deny that first part. I really have no idea how to deal with love, even now."

Miku has a slightly puzzled look, as she wonders if Fuutarou does regret it. She decides that it's best to try and cheer him up. With her best efforts, she tries to soothe him, even if she didn't know what words to use. Fuutarou starts smiling. Even after all this time, Miku still cares so much for him and her sisters. He looks back to the clearer sky.

Fuutarou:[Come on man, this is the chance. What are you waiting for? Just tell her, you can do it! All you need to say is...!]

Fuutarou shoots up, startling Miku. In a dramatic fashion, he opens the can and starts chugging down the whole thing. His back arches back as he finishes. Once Fuutarou finishes, he starts panting from the exertion of drinking it all.

Miku:"A-Are you okay?"

Fuutarou:"This drink…"

Miku:"Huh?"

Fuutarou:"What an enigma! I don't understand it at all! It's far too complex of a taste to put into words. Ever since I started eating well, my palate has completely changed. It's too aromatic, with it's odd vegetal taste within all it's acids! At first taste, it truly is something I could never see myself liking...But, once the initial wave ends...I can taste the sweetness. Truly something that confuses me. It's not quite bittersweet, but at the end of the day, I think I like it. I..."

Miku, not expecting the full review of the drink, begins to giggle.

Miku:"When did you become such a food critic? I'm glad you ended up liking it though. Did you know that the creation of the modern soda was because of-"

Fuutarou:"I love you."

…

...

Miku/Fuutarou:"HUH!?"

Miku:"W-Wait, what!?"

Fuutarou:[What the hell was that!? Did I just...Did I just confess!? Crap, oh crap! I just said it without thinking, did I mess up? What in the hell, can I back out of this?]

Miku gets up and starts walking backward.

Miku:"Um, I know you're probably feeling sad with your break up, but there's no reason to suddenly confess, haha. Let's go, the weather's clearing up."

At that moment, Fuutarou's doubts couldn't stop his movement.

[Are you truly ready to see her get away? Move your ass, Fuutarou! Even though you botched that confession, this is the time!]

Fuutarou:"Wait, Miku!"

Fuutarou's body moved on its own, unable to handle its emotions. In his haste, he makes it to Miku too fast, and they both lose their footing as they slip on the wet floor.

At the same time, the clock strikes 12.

*DING DONG*

{Fuutarou:"When I was able to tell it was Miku that time…"}

A girl in a white dress starts running. Fuutarou, who had stayed behind, was bragging to himself under the bell, having successfully identified Miku. Due to this, he didn't notice the girl who was running towards him until she was right in front of him. The girl, dressed as Itsuki, stands on her toes as she leans against Fuutarou.

*DING DONG*

{"May the groom enter"}

Fuutarou bows, as he walks toward the altar. He greets Maeda and Takeda before reaching it.

*DING DONG*

{Fuutarou:"Like, seriously, what do you want?"}

As Fuutarou says this, both him and the girl slip. The girl's lips accidentally touch Fuutarou's, both of them blush as the bell rings.

{Fuutarou:"A ki-why?"}

*DING DONG*

Miku and Fuutarou fall on the ground, with Miku hitting her back on the wet floor. Fuutarou drops his empty can.

Miku:"Ow!"

*DING DONG*

{"May the bride enter"}

*DING DONG*

As Raiha alerted Fuutarou, the girl got up and started jogging away.

Fuutarou:[Who was that!? Was that...was that Miku!? No, that couldn't have been her, she wouldn't do something like...that…It must have been one of the other girls]"Yeah. I can't tell who that was after all…"

As Fuutarou got up, he began to repress the feeling of the kiss. But, deep down, he already had an idea.

*DING DONG*

{"We gather here to unite these two people in marriage. Their decision to marry has not been entered into lightly and today they publicly declare their private devotion to each other. The essence of this commitment is the acceptance of each other in entirety, as lover, companion, and friend. A good and balanced relationship is one in which neither person is overpowered nor absorbed by the other, one in which neither person is possessive of the other, one in which

both give their love freely and without jealousy.

Marriage, ideally, is a sharing of responsibilities, hopes, and dreams. It takes a special effort to grow together, survive hard times, and be loving and unselfish."}

*DING DONG*

Fuutarou:"Are you okay?"

Miku:"Yeah, I'm fine…*gasp*"

Miku covers her face, making sure that Fuutarou can't see it. There, he sees a slight blush showing on her ears, the one part she couldn't cover. Fuutarou felt incredibly relieved. Could Miku still like him after so long? He had hurt her enough, and now, he was going to make sure he would never hurt her again. Thus, he repeated his words.

Fuutarou:"I love you."

*DING DONG*

The girl in the dress passes by Raiha as she wondered why she was crying. The girl in the dress went towards the trees to make sure she wouldn't run into the other sisters.

*DING DONG*

[Was it Ichika? Was it Nino? They didn't seem to mind...It feels like Miku is ignoring me,though. But… It couldn't be her, right?]

*DING DONG*

{"Do you both pledge to share your lives openly with one another, and to speak the truth in love? Do you promise to honor and tenderly care for one another, cherish and encourage each other, stand together, through sorrows and joys, hardships and triumphs for all the days of your lives?'}

{"We do"}

*DING DONG*

{Yotsuba:"You knew? Knew what?"}

{Fuutarou:"Like...You know...That...M-Miku thinks...fondly of me."}

[Miku would never do that...Could she? Ever since the day I was able to tell her apart at the inn...I can't stop thinking about her...Could I...?]

…

…

{Miku:"Love"}

{Fuutarou:"Yeah. I know. But-"[I don't know if I'm ready for a relationship]}

*DING DONG*

The girl in the dress pressed her back against a tree. After catching her breath...she started to cry. The girl began to take off her wig as her knees began to crumble.

*DING DONG*

{"Do you pledge to share your love and the joys of your marriage with all those around you, so that they may learn from your love and be encouraged to grow in their own lives?'}

{"We do."}

*DING DONG*

[It was her, wasn't it...I don't know why, but she probably just got carried away...It's alright, I think...I think I've started falling for her...Or rather, I'm finally realizing my feelings. This is a good time, while we're alone…]

[Miku...I think I've…]

{Miku:"I want to study cooking. So I won't be going to college. Sorry, Fuutarou"}

…

...

[Ah, I was wrong...how embarrassing. She has her own dream now. If I confess...all I'll do is hold her back. Miku...you don't need me. You've turned into someone more dependable than me]

{Fuutarou:"I see, if that's your decision, then I'll support you."}

[It must have been someone else...right?]

*DING DONG*

Miku twitched as Fuutarou continued. He had no idea what to do from here on out, all he could think of doing through his embarrassment was to continue using that phrase.

Fuutarou:"I love you."

Miku:"Please...I can't handle this."

*DING DONG*

{"May your rings be blessed as a symbol of your union. As often as either of you look upon these rings, may you not only be reminded of this moment, but also of the vows you have made and the strength of your commitment to each other.

Now, Fuutarou…

Do you take this woman,... "}

*DING DONG*

The girl crying in the trees continued, regretting what she had just done. As she took off her wig, her long hair fell, revealing the perpetrator as Miku.

{Raiha:"Hey, Yotsuba-san!"}

{Yotsuba:"What is it, Raiha?"}

{Raiha:"I don't know why, but Miku fell on top of brother, and when she got up, she was crying."}

{Yotsuba:"Huh, Miku?"}

Miku continued to cry.

{Miku:"I messed up, I messed up...Why did I think he could find me? Just because he did it once before? I'm such an idiot...I hate it! Stupid Miku, why did you have to do something like that? Now, my first kiss...I accidentally gave it to someone who doesn't love me...Why did I think he would see someone like me as special? I'm such an idiot!"}

…

…

As Miku came back to Ebata's limousine. Ichika notices the marks under her eyes.

(Ichika:[Was...Miku crying? All she did was check up on Fuutarou-kun...What happened?])

…

…

{Fuutarou:"A-Ah, Raiha, there you are. We're leaving, come on. What were you doing?"}

{Raiha:"Nothing! I was told not to tell you anything since you'd just make things worse!"}

{Fuutarou:"Huh!? Who told you such a thing?"}

{Raiha:"I was told not to say"}

{Fuutarou:"Oh, come on, Raiha! Don't tease your big brother like that!}

*DING DONG*

Miku:"Please. Stop this…"

Fuutarou stops talking.

Miku:"If...if you're doing this because you broke up with her, please stop. On that day, I'm the one who told you about Yotsuba. I knew what could happen if I led you to her...I was prepared for the worst. This past year...I've tried my hardest to get over you...Please, I've tried keeping those feelings in check. If you just come and tell me that you l-love me...It hurts...It feels like my heart is being ripped in two...Please, Fuutarou..It can't take it…"

Miku's eyes start to develop tears. Fuutarou notices immediately.

[You've done it again, you hurt her...But I can't stop...I…I refuse to hold back!]

Fuutarou:"Miku, if you have even the slightest bit of regret over that day...I'm sorry, it's all my fault...I'm sorry for being such an idiot...If you honestly don't feel that way right now, I'll stop...but I can tell through your actions...that's not the case, is it?"

Miku keeps trying to hide her face, but she doesn't put any strength behind them, so Fuutarou gently pushes them away. Now, face to face, both of them are blushing...He continues. With each one, Miku's face slowly shows more and more signs of happiness.

*DING DONG*

{"...For richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health?."}

{Fuutarou:"Yes. I do."}

…

…

{"Now, Miku...

Do you take this man to be your wedded husband? Do you swear to love, respect and cherish him for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health?"}

{Miku:"Yes. I do."}

{"Then may the bride and groom exchange their rings."}

{Fuutarou:"Ah."}

…

…

{"Let's skip ahead to the next part for now."}

{Raiha"Huuh!?}

{"Umm...moving on"}

{Raiha:"But I even brought him the rings…Haa~ A wedding ceremony like this...is just unheard of.."}

Isanari snickers. Raiha immediately turns her head in surprise.

(Raiha:[Does he know what happened to the rings!?])

*DING DONG*

{Ichika:"Did that make you happy?"}

…

...

{Nino:"I guess you have to chase love after all."}

…

…

[It wasn't Ichika, It wasn't Nino. Could it have really been Miku?]

…

…

{Miku:"Kiss me."}

{Fuutarou:"Huh? I did say you don't have to be so reserved, but...how did that come out from the conversation? In the first place-"[I'm not good enough]}

{Miku:"Ah, sorry. I'll listen to your reply afterwards, okay?"}

As Miku's lips touched Fuutarou's, refusing to let go, he realized right away that she was, indeed, the girl who kissed her on that day. He had tried to deny it over and over. But, there was no escaping the truth...It was Miku...It couldn't have been anyone but her…

*DING DONG*

Miku:"Okay, okay. I got it! You love me, you've let that be very well known! Please stop before someone sees us! Then...at least let me think of my answer…"

Fuutarou had finally gotten across. But, in order to really make an impression, he remembered something very important, and he knew he had to do it.

[I'm sorry for this, Miku.]

Miku:"Honestly, Fuutarou. What's wrong with y-"

Fuutarou:"Ah, sorry. I'll listen to your reply afterwards, okay?"

Fuutarou then kissed Miku mid-sentence.

*DING DONG*

{Miku:"I won't hesitate anymore."}

{Fuutarou:"...Wer-Were you...holding back that one too…?"}

{Miku:"Yep. But to be honest...There's still a lot I'm holding back."}

{Fuutarou:"Eh? Whoaaa!"}

…

…

Fuutarou simply lay there, panting, he could only stare upwards…

{Fuutarou:"So...so many kisses…"}

As Miku got her thoughts in check, she finally decided to tell Fuutarou something else.

{Miku:"Hey, Fuutarou. Did you know that Yotsuba…"}

…

…

*DING DONG*

["You may kiss the bride."]

*DING DONG*

As Fuutarou let Miku's lips go, he tried to act confident while wearing a red face similar to a tomato.

Fuutarou:"I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I won't hesitate anymore."

Miku, also more red than a normal person could comprehend, tried to reply but nothing came out. After some time, Fuutarou finally realized that Miku had been laying on the wet floor.

Fuutarou:"S-sorry! Let's get you up."

Miku got up with Fuutarou's help.

Fuutarou:"I guess...that was a little weird of me…I'm sorry for k-kissing you out of nowhere."

Miku:"I-It's fine, It's not like I haven't done the same thing."

Fuutarou:"...I know all of this is me being selfish. I know you might reject me especially after what I've done...and it scares me. This feeling of hopelessness that I know I made you feel is eating at me. I'm nothing but a selfish hypocrite."

Miku doesn't respond.

Fuutarou:"Failure...is scary. I've tried so hard to be perfect with many things while also ignoring others, both of which came from my fear of failing. Love...was one such thing...Miku, you always tried your best to improve yourself. There were many points where you failed, despite trying with all your might. Because of that, you might have felt you weren't good enough, that the pressure from expectations would crush you...and yet, you never let it keep you down. You always saw a light at the end of the tunnel, you never stopped moving. Your failures were nothing more than rocks to step over on your path to success. To think that such a small, frail girl could be like that, while I would simply run away at points was...inspiring. There were points where I wanted to be like you. Your dreams, feelings, and your love for others were always present even through your hardest times. But...because of your love for both me and your sisters, your path was blocked off, and it resulted in me hurting you. So, I want to make things right!"

Miku:"...I'm...flattered that you've seen me in such a way. But, your viewpoint of me is skewed. I was never great at showing my feelings, my true emotions...Anytime I tried something new, I felt scared, I felt a sense of dread. I never saw myself as someone on equal terms with my sisters. But, you changed me. It was because of you that I was able to change. You were always there for us when we were at our lowest points. Much of what I did wasn't my own strength."

Fuutarou:"What's wrong with that?"

Miku:"Huh?"

Fuutarou:"What's wrong with depending on others? There's nothing wrong with relying on others in your time of need. When I started teaching the five of you...I wanted to give up. My fear of failure came as soon as it could. But it was you that helped me change my mind. Even if you say you were scared, it doesn't change the fact that you still tried with all your heart. That courage and passion, it made me believe...I was an idiot to my feelings...Even since that day happened."

Miku:"That day?"

Fuutarou:"I figured out how you felt about me on the last day of our last hot springs trip. I probably realized my own feelings then too. Those feelings did their best to be reinforced when you kissed me under the bell."

Miku jumped a little. She had thought he wasn't able to tell her apart the whole time.

Fuutarou:"I always wondered why you would do something so bold...But when remembering the time you tackled me, the reason became clear. You wanted me to find you...But, you were too hasty, huh? During that time, I couldn't believe you'd do something like that. The very thing that helped me find you earlier that day became the very reason I was blinded. I developed a fear of my feelings...I became stuck in a nightmare of my own doing. I always knew you were the girl who kissed me, but I didn't want it to be you. I didn't want to disappoint you, I didn't think I was good enough to accept your love. I was fearful of how I would handle such a relationship...and Yotsuba took the full brunt of that. She didn't deserve the horrible relationship I had with her...she just wanted the two of us to be happy, and it resulted in her getting hurt. But...seeing her do something like break up with me, I was a little glad that she grew and changed enough to do such a thing. All of you have changed so much. In turn, the five of you changed me, into the selfish man I am today. The days we shared together, from our joy, our sadness or our anger helped develop the love I had for you five, my irreplaceable friends. I can tell all five of you apart, but when I see you, I feel something different...something special. I was, and still am nothing but an idiot. But, at this moment, I shall put my true feelings forward. Miku Nakano, I love you!"

Miku's already intense blush only got worse as he finished.

Fuutarou:"These are my feelings...my feelings which will never change! All I want...is to know what yours are."

Miku began to recall everything that she'd been through with Fuutarou. She had tried to lock her feelings away...It had been way too late, she thought. Now, Fuutarou was trying to reach into her heart to retrieve those emotions she had given up, and he was ready to keep trying. The very same tenacity and unwillingness to give up that made her fall in love in the first place was making her fall in love all over again. Fuutarou really was the worst guy...If there truly are no hard feelings, if she can honestly be selfish, then...

Miku:"You idiot…"

Fuutarou:"hmm?"

*DING DONG*

{Miku:"Fufu-Fuutarou, are you feeling nervous? Try to recall that day five years ago. It's not like this is the first time."}

*DING DONG*

Miku:"Fuutarou, is it alright if I give you an answer right now?"

*DING DONG*

{Fuutarou:"We've never done this in front of a crowd…"}

{Miku:"Hmm, really?"}

{Fuutarou:"I know… I know we did that in the street two years ago, and then there was the rooftop-oh you know what I mean!"}

{Miku:"Fufu-Would you like me to do it, like back then?"}

{Fuutarou:"No, I can do it."}

Fuutarou took a good hold of her shoulders, and…

*DING DONG*

Fuutarou:"Uh, sure...So, what's your answer?"

Miku ran up to him, stood on her toes and…

*DING DONG*

Fuutarou took Miku's shoulders and kissed her to seal their vows.

*DING DONG*

Fuutarou stepped back. Miku had given him her answer clearly. Miku bends down a little, looking up at him with a smile.

Miku:"Well, Fuutarou? Could you tell I got a little taller?"

Fuutarou covered his mouth...but soon, he let go of it to welcome Miku's answer with a smile.

Fuutarou:"Yeah! You truly have grown!"

[Even though you're quintuplets, it's you who calms me down, it's you who makes me happy. This wonderful feeling that I only get from you...It's nothing short of love!]

…

…

Fuutarou:"Let's go, Miku!"

Miku:"Yeah!"

Though the sun had come out, it was still raining. So, Fuutarou got the umbrella out and put it over himself and Miku.

Miku:"So you had that the whole time?"

Fuutarou nervously laughs. Miku notices that he is giving her more of the umbrella than him, causing his shoulder to get rain. She pushes up against him and puts her hand over his that's holding the umbrella. Fuutarou is startled, but he accepts it pretty quickly. As they walk towards the motorcycle, the rain stops. Fuutarou tries to put the umbrella down but Miku places it back up.

Miku:"It's fine, I like it like this...I don't want to let you go anymore."

Fuutarou simply smiles.

…

…

Fuutarou:"Man, your dad is gonna kill me. He told me to bring you back fully dry."

Miku:"Haha, don't worry. I'll help you fight him off...but if we're already going against dad…"

Miku points to a restaurant across the street.

Miku:"We've been there before, it's a great place."

Fuutarou:"Oh, um... I don't have any more money…"

Miku:"It's fine, I'll pay for it."

Fuutarou:"Urk! I...I swear I'll pay it in full next time!"

Miku:"Already thinking about the second date, Fuutarou? You truly are a villain. Fufu..."

Miku began to repeat the words that Fuutarou couldn't stop saying to her. Now that they were together, Miku thought, she would do everything she wanted to do this whole time, with no regret.

Miku:"I love you."

…

...

End of Chapter 8

Chapter 8 Extra

Miku:"I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. "

Fuutarou:"Please stop that, it's embarrassing…"

Miku:"Oh, and after you did the very same thing? Come on, let me get a little revenge."

Fuutarou:"Oh yeah? Well, two can play that game."

Fuutarou moved the hair covering Miku's eye.

Fuutarou:"Y-You know...You shouldn't be afraid of showing your beautiful face…"

Miku blushes from it massively, Fuutarou responds with a similar blush after seeing what he's done.

Fuutarou/Miku:[This is so embarrassing...]

They both begin to laugh it off as they continue walking. Miku grabs his hand, Fuutarou, while shocked at first, accepts it. Under the umbrella, walking alone with each other by their side. They wish this little moment could last an eternity.


Fuutarou's Final Regret Chapter 9:5-Star Proposal, a quintessential quintuplets fanfic

[The feeling of love...Our relationship can overcome distance, it can overcome time...No matter what happens, I will always love you. I...want to be with you forever.]

…

…

19 months after the hot springs trip

…

…

Fuutarou is riding around on his rented motorcycle. Thanks to Mr. Adachi having settled down with his wife, he let Fuutarou use his ride with no consequence. While he felt grateful, Fuutarou had created a rental system with him. Thanks to this, whenever he came back to visit during vacations, he could simply use that. Today, he was using it with a big purpose...As part of his project with Takeda, he was required to be a "Student-teacher" for a couple of days at some point during his career. While normally, Fuutarou would have done such a project as soon as possible, a certain someone also had to do something similar as part of a series of Stagiaire projects. Thanks to that, Fuutarou made sure to have his schedule match up perfectly. Now, he was on his way to pick her up. However, for one reason or another, he was especially nervous.

Fuutarou:"Can I really do this? No, no doubting yourself, Fuutarou! You just have to make sure not to mess it up this time."

Fuutarou took a deep breath, he had made it to his destination.

Fuutarou:'Well, at least I knew where she was going this time."

After a few minutes, Fuutarou noticed the long-haired girl. He waved to her. The girl notices Fuutarou and smiled at him. Fuutarou blushed at seeing her beautiful face, no longer obstructed by hair. He becomes so entranced that he doesn't notice go to him. Before long, Fuutarou notices that she's much closer than before. Once she gets close enough, she jumps into his arms to his surprise.

Miku:"Fuutarou!"

The sudden hug almost causes both of them to fall over, but Fuutarou stands his ground. Once he had made sure they wouldn't fall, he hugged her back. It was their first time in 7 months that they had seen each other face to face. But, they were never strangers, having kept in touch pretty much every day.

Miku:"I missed you!"

They both stand there for a little bit. Miku looks up at Fuutarou. He knew what this meant.

Fuutarou:"M-Miku, I know you want one, but should we really do it in public like this?"

Miku pouts. No matter how much he resists, her pout causes his defenses to go down, with no exception.

Fuutarou:"Come on...You know it's not fair when you do that...All right."

They have a small kiss.

Miku:"I thought it'd last longer."

Fuutarou:"Please spare me. I promise I'll give you more when we're alone…"

Miku smiles. Even though she was embarrassed as well, she loved these moments too much to pass them up.

…

…

Before getting to the place they'd be working together, they decide to get something to eat. Ever since that first date, Fuutarou had been adamant about paying for everything. Miku felt bad that she couldn't contribute, but she knew what he was doing was out of love. In exchange, she would send him different materials needed for his university projects. If Fuutarou ever protested, she would say {Miku:You can make it up to me on our next date! Just be warned, I may order the whole menu, teehee!}

Miku:"Delicious!"

Fuutarou:"It's food like this that makes me glad I can taste again."

Miku:"How'd you know of this place? It seems new."

Fuutarou:"Raiha always sends pictures of her going here with her friends."

As they continue talking, Fuutarou occasionally looks to where Miku's headphones would normally be. Miku notices this and moves her hair to let him get a better look. Fuutarou blushes once he's caught.

Miku:"Haha, is my neck that interesting?"

Fuutarou:"Well, it's just...I asked you this before, but are you sure you don't want a new pair of headphones?"

Miku:"Hmm? Yeah, my old pair work just fine. Even then, while I still listen to music, I don't do it nearly as much as before...well, not like I did it too much to begin with."

Miku gives a look towards Fuutarou. Her gentle smile continues to surprise him.

Miku:"I started wearing them during middle school...Yotsuba started wearing a ribbon in hopes of being special. After our mother's death, I began to think that I should do the same. Even if I wasn't the most social, definitely not on Yotsuba's level, but perhaps I felt the need to be seen as different from my sisters. The question is, did I do it to be special or to not be seen on the same level as them?"

Fuutarou grabs his head.

Miku:"But...none of that matters anymore."

Miku puts her head on the back of her hands, looking up at Fuutarou.

Miku:"I don't need to be seen as different by many, as long as the one I love sees me as special."

Fuutarou tries to give her a confident gesture, but he can't help but blush intensely. Miku giggles at his attempt.

…

…

Once they finished eating, they went to a local library while waiting for the designated time.

Miku:"Have you kept up with everyone?"

Fuutarou:"Yeah, the workload has gotten even worse, but I've made sure to talk with them."

Miku:"Hehe, to think that this is the same Fuutarou that would always keep his head in the books, no matter what."

Fuutarou:"Ugh, I can't deny I still don't do that...It's great seeing everyone grow. Though Ichika keeps teasing me about something, I wonder if she got a huge deal or something?"

Miku:"Ah? She hasn't told you, huh? Ichika sure likes to tease. She wouldn't stop doing so when we went back together…"

Fuutarou:"Not just her, everyone was teasing us. Not only was your dad on our ass, Ebata wanted me gone when he found out we already ate…But such a noisy environment isn't bad once in a while...I just hope I can-"

As Fuutarou keeps talking, Miku grabs his hand, interlocking his fingers with hers.

Fuutarou:"Mi-Miku?"

Miku:"Being here, like this...It reminds me of our tutoring days, I'm so happy you were our tutor, Fuutarou. Our teacher-student relationship might be over, but I'm glad we've continued to stay together. Our relationships will continue to evolve, and I'm glad."

Miku goes to lean on him. Fuutarou accepts it.

Fuutarou:[Yeah...Today, I'll take my next step forward…]

…

…

It's finally time.

Fuutarou:"We're here…"

Miku:"It's been a while, huh?"

Fuutarou:"I'm surprised this place was an option."

*Asahiyama High School*

…

…

Miku:"I'll be your cooking teacher for today!"

Fuutarou:"I'll be your math teacher today."

…

…

Once their first classes were over, they decided to visit each other. Miku and Raiha were walking together

Raiha:"Hey, brother."

Fuutarou:"Raiha! You get bigger every time I see you."

Miku:"On our way here, Raiha mentioned something about Mr. Jirou, the old history teacher, being promoted to principal."

Fuutarou:"The principal? Wasn't Yuusuke's dad in that position?"

Raiha:"Both Takeda and Ichika came together to expose his abuse of his position, so Mr. Jirou was promoted."

Fuutarou:"That damned Yuusuke! He never tells me anything, I could have-Wait, Ichika?"

Raiha:"Ah! She never told you? Then forget I said anything."

Fuutarou:"C'mon, Raiha! Don't tease your brother like that!"

Miku:*giggle*"I think it's fine. It was gonna be a surprise, but the secret's out. Ichika came back to finish her third year. She finally graduated in between all her work."

Fuutarou:"Really? Ugh, she should have told me, I could have helped with her studying!"

Miku:"She would have refused anyway, she wanted to show you her progress. That reminds me, I have to ask if I can take over the history class too. I'd like to give a full lesson on historical warlords!"

Fuutarou:[Heh, it's good to see her love for history hasn't changed…]"I hoped Ichika could have graduated with us, though."

Miku:"Me too.. But it's better late than never!"

Fuutarou:"Yeah…"[I'll do it today...no matter what!]

…

…

Fuutarou:"Alright, it's finally over."

Fuutarou calls Miku.

Fuutarou:"Hey, Miku. Where are you? Let's go somewhere for the night."

Miku:"I'm on...Why don't you find the answer to that? I'm sure your answer will be as swift as the wind. I'll be as hard to find as a shadow, so make sure your raid is as fierce as fire...hehe, that was fun. Anyway, It's a place that's become important to me…"

As Miku hung up, Fuutarou could already tell he knew the answer.

Fuutarou:[Too easy...That place is as special to me as it is for her...That's it! That's where I'll do it! Fuutarou, you're a genius!]

…

…

Fuutarou opens the door after going up the stairs. He sees Miku standing in the middle waiting for him.

Miku:"You found me pretty quickly."

*The rooftop*

Fuutarou:"This place isn't special to you exclusively."

Miku:"Really?"

Fuutarou:"Yeah, this is the place where I began to learn about you…"

Miku:"Haha, this is the place where I had my first real conversation with you…"

Miku/Fuutarou:"I thought you were such a horrible person!"

Fuutarou and Miku start laughing as soon as they finish. Miku sits down on a bench and invites Fuutarou. Fuutarou stares at the seat. He wonders if he'll really be able to do it for a bit, but he recovers his confidence. This is the time! He sits next to her as they see the sun begin to set.

Fuutarou:"The sunset sure is pretty."

Miku:"Yeah."

Fuutarou:"...You know...Being back here got me thinking about the two years we spent together...Having you find your goals, your dreams, and your feelings...While I did some dumb things, I will never regret my school life with you. Though, that got me thinking...We never danced, have we?"

Miku:"Huh?"

Fuutarou:"Well, you know...During both our school trip and the Sunrise Festival, there were great opportunities to dance. But, I got sick during the trip and...well, there wasn't a good time during the festival...So, I want to make it up to you."

Miku:"Make it up to me? You don't really need to do that. Not to mention, we don't have a bonfire"

Fuutarou:"Please, indulge me for a bit. There's a really wonderful and huge bonfire known as the sun...There was the "Sunrise Festival'', so we'll make our own...called the "Sunset Festival''!

Miku:"Haha...hahaha! That's a little lame, isn't it?"

Fuutarou looks away in embarrassment.

Fuutarou:"C-Come on, don't tease me like that, I jus-huh?"

He turns his head to see Miku holding his hand.

Miku:"I accept your offer. Let's dance, fuutarou!"

Fuutarou:"Right!"

The two began to dance. Fuutarou, while a little awkward, was able to avoid stepping on her shoes too much, though it still happened from time to time.

Fuutarou:"You're pretty good at dancing…"

Miku:"Ah..well, before the Sunrise Festival, I knew about the dance...So I practiced a bunch…"

Fuutarou:"You're so damn cute, you know that?"

Miku:"Fweh...You're not terrible at this. I didn't think you were the type to dance…"

Fuutarou:"Well, I, uh, got some training."

Miku:"Really, with who?"

Fuutarou tries to avoid answering, something that Miku was clearly not having.

Miku:"Fuu-ta-rouuu."

Fuutarou:"It...it was Yuusuke, Takeda. He got a date and wanted to practice, so he used me as a guinea pig. You'd be surprised at how much of a hopeless romantic that guy can turn into."

Miku:"You did great, all things considered."

Fuutarou:"Not as good as you...I'm glad you could finally use your skills."

Miku:"As long as it's with you, I'll have fun doing anything."

Fuutarou:"...That's good."

The two continue to dance as the sun was setting on the two of them. With time, their movements became more in sync. Fuutarou couldn't help but look at Miku's eyes. The previously lifeless eyes that she had felt like a distant dream. Now, they were as bright and full of life as they could be. Once the sun fully set and the stars began to show...He knew it was time, this was Fuutarou's biggest shot.

Fuutarou:"These times I've spent with you have become the happiest moments of my life. From my student, to my friend, to the one I love...I can't believe I've changed into someone like this. But I don't regret it, I never will. I love seeing you, I love talking with you, I love being with you. I love it all."

Fuutarou starts to distance himself a little from Miku, signaling the end of the dance.

Fuutarou:"...and I want it to last forever."

Miku:"Huh, what do you…?"

Fuutarou:"Will you marry me?"

…

…

Miku simply stands there for a moment, unable to process it. She tries to respond with a quip, a joke, anything, but she can't. Her stoic face slowly begins to change. Her eyes narrow just a bit as tears begin to flow. She shakes her head in an attempt to not let her feelings overflow. She begins to shake as she bites her lip. Small sounds come out, unable to fully hold them back, she looks up slightly...After a small gulp, she calms down. She gives a faint smile.

Fuutarou, waiting for an answer, begins to shake as well. Before he can say anything, Miku borderline tackles him, causing them both to fall over.

Fuutarou:"Miku, are you alri-"

Miku:"Of course I do!"

Fuutarou stopped, he couldn't say anything at that moment.

Miku:"Of course I'll say yes!"

As Miku tears up. Fuutarou can't contain himself. A single tear rolls down his face.

Fuutarou:"Ah? What...what is this? Am I...am I really crying?"

Miku:"F-Fuutarou...I love you!"

While Fuutarou tries to clean his tears, he attempts to respond but is interrupted by Miku's lips blocking his words.

They kiss. For a long time.

Once they separate, both of them can't help but grin through their tears.

Miku:"You did promise a longer one earlier."

Fuutarou:"Always outside. Honestly, have you no shame? Although, I wouldn't mind another one."

Miku got up to help him get back up.

Miku:"You've helped change me. Studying, cooking, friendships, love...You've always been there. I was able to gain my courage thanks to you, my awkward tutor. Our relationship has changed a lot, but my feelings for you will never change. I trust you and believe in you. But, I ask that if you ever feel like you can't do something alone, I hope you'll believe in me as well."

Fuutarou:"I wouldn't have it any other way."

Miku:[Fuutarou is no longer my teacher and I'm no longer his student. That won't change. But everything else changed. Thank you for finding me...Thank you for loving me.]

Miku and Fuutarou began to leave the rooftop, hand in hand.

Chapter 9 End

Chapter 9 Extra

Miku:"By the way, was the reason for asking about the headphones going to be part of your proposal?"

Fuutarou:"Yeah, well...I was...going to put them around you when I asked, kind of like a wedding ring. It's lame, I know!"

Miku:"Even when you're lame, you're still the coolest guy in the world. But…"

Miku presses herself on Fuutarou's chest. She begins to hear his heartbeat.

Miku:"This sound, it's more than enough for me...Oh? It's starting to get faster. Fufu~ I hope you start to get used to it since I'm gonna do it a bunch from now on...whether it's in public...or in private."

…

…

*5 months later*


Fuutarou's Final Regret Chapter 10:Wedding, a quintessential quintuplets fanfic

*Sutekina Church*

"You may kiss the bride."

…

…

The newlyweds are taken to take their pictures. During this time, the guests began to go into the Reception Hall. Raiha is first to take a group picture with them. Once she herself gets to the hall, she notices the four sisters, Ichika, Nino, Yotsuba, and Itsuki.

Raiha:"There you are! I'm so glad to see you again!"

Yotsuba:"Raiha!"

Yotsuba goes to hug her.

Ichika:"It's been a while, huh?"

Raiha:"Yeah! Say, why weren't you guys at the ceremony?"

Yotsuba:"Uh, well.."

Nino:"I can't believe I went along with it…"

Ichika:"Haha, we...had to change."

Raiha simply gets more confused than she was before.

Itsuki:"Let's just tell her...Well, you see...um we were...Yotsuba, this was your idea, explain."

Yotsuba:"...Mmm...Fine! We had this plan-"

Nino:"You had this plan!"

Yotsuba:"...I had this plan where the four of us would go to Miku's room and when Fuutarou got there, we'd have him do a Quint Game! Miku wasn't on board, so we did it without telling her, hoping she'd be up for it when the time came!"

Raiha:"How'd it go?"

Itsuki:"They got mad and threw us out."

Nino kept slamming her forehead against the table, regretting every action that led to her agreeing to Yotsuba's plan.

Ichika:"It's been a long time since I've seen them so mad, haha!"

Nino:"Yotsuba!"

Nino put Yotsuba in a headlock, poking her cheek.

Nino:"How would you like it if we did this at your wedding, huh?"

Yotsuba:"I thought it'd be funny, I'm sorry, please stop poking me~~"

Itsuki:"We weren't able to be in the Ceremony Hall because of that."

Ichika:"It'd cause a lot of confusion if there were five brides, don't you think?"

Raiha:"I guess so. But, you did watch it, right?"

Yotsuba:"Of course! Those two were so awkward."

Ichika:"Once they kissed, you could see all their worries wash away."

Raiha:"How romantic...I wonder when I'll get married."

Isanari bursts in.

Isanari:"My 'Raiha-wants-to-get-married?' alarm went off! I won't allow it! You can't leave me alooooone!"

Raiha:"Please don't embarrass me, dad."

Nino:"That reminds me, where is papa? I didn't see him anywhere."

Isanari begins to laugh like a maniac. The girls simply turn to each other, confused.

Isanari:"Don't tell him I told you this, he'd probably kill me! He was crying like a baby and he refused to let Fuutarou see him like that. He should be here soon. That doesn't matter, though. Let's party!"

Raiha:"That's not how this works, dad!"

Isanari:"Huh? When I got married to Aoi, we just partied all night."

Raiha:"Oh, mom...You had to deal with so much."

After a while, the bride and groom finished their photo session. With this, they were ready to enter the venue.

Yotsuba:"They're here!"

Following their groomsmen and bridesmaids, Miku and Fuutarou enter the venue. They begin to dance as per normal procedures.

Raiha:"Go on, dad. The parents are supposed to dance with them. This is what we practiced for."

Isanari:"Fine, fine. Might as well not waste it."

Miku and Fuutarou separated. Miku began to dance with Isanari while Fuutarou watched.

Isanari:"Well, missy. How are you feeling today?"

Miku:"I'm doing great. Thank you for your concern."

Isanari:"Haha! No need for politeness, we're family now! Take good care of Fuutarou, alright?"

Miku:"There's nothing I want to do more."

Nino:"It's nice seeing them dance, but I wish papa was here…"

As soon as she says that, Maruo comes up behind Fuutarou.

Fuutarou:"Ah! There you are. I was worried you weren't gonna come."

Maruo:"I've been here since the beginning."

Fuutarou:"I see. If I may ask, where were you?"

Maruo:"...I'll answer that when you're older."

Fuutarou:"I understand. I won't pry."

Maruo and Fuutarou kept watching the dance. After a while, they had to switch dance partners. Right before Maruo left Fuutarou's side, he said…

Maruo:"Please...take care of my daughter."

Maruo walked towards Miku.

Fuutarou:"Heh. Like you had to ask."

As Maruo and Miku danced slowly, Isanari drew out his party animal and began to throw Fuutarou around in their dance. The girls laughed watching Fuutarou be so defenceless when it came to his dad.

…

…

Once the dancing was over, the reception could officially begin. Miku sat down on her chair while Fuutarou grabbed a microphone, ready to begin the party.

Fuutarou:"Thank you all for taking the time out of your busy schedules to come to our wedding reception today. We are truly grateful. We're very happy to be able to hold this ceremony with everyone who has supported us until now. It really has been a long time coming."

…

…

"It's time to cut the cake!"

Miku:"Open wide, Fuutarou!"

Fuutarou:"Wow, this tastes incredible. Reminds me of your cooking!"

Miku:"Haha. I guess it would, I made it after all."

Fuutarou:"You what? What for?"

Miku:"I thought it'd be good to test myself for such an event. I mean, I'll start baking on a bigger scale soon, won't I?"

Fuutarou:"I don't know about scale. But what kind of bride bakes her own wedding cake? I could have at least helped."

Miku:"It's fine. You can make it up to me later."

Miku cleans the frosting on Fuutarou's cheek with a kiss.

Miku:"Yummy."

Fuutarou:"Honestly, have you no shame?"

Miku:"Not when it comes to you, Fuutarou!"

…

…

"Now, some words from the Best Man."

Maeda went up on stage. As he gave his speech, Fuutarou and Miku gave him their full attention.

Matsui:"He's so bad at this, it's funny!"

The sisters blushed at the sight of her belly before congratulating her success with Maeda. Next to her was Takeda with Tsubaki, his girlfriend. He had a solemn look on his face.

Nino:"What's got him so sad?"

Ichika:"He's sad he wasn't picked as the Best Man."

Itsuki:"Why wasn't he? He's his roommate, isn't he?"

Yotsuba:"Yeah, but...Miku said that, while Fuutarou-kun wanted him to do it, Takeda seemingly has a problem with speeches."

Itsuki:"A problem?"

Tsubaki:"The last time Takeda made a speech, he didn't stop for 5 hours."

Takeda:"Is it so wrong to be passionate!?"

Tsubaki:"It's a wonderful trait, but there are times people need to move on."

Takeda went into Tsubaki's arms in his state of sadness. The sisters couldn't help but laugh at Takeda's surprising cute side.

…

…

"Before we see the bride and groom on their way to their honeymoon. The newly wedded will now convey a message of gratitude to her family."

Miku:"To my dad. Thank you for looking after me. I'm glad you became our dad. To my mom and grandpa in heaven, without you, I wouldn't have been able to become the woman I am now. Even though you aren't here with us anymore, I'll always hold you dear to my heart. Ichika. Thank you for being the sister we could all rely on. We may have had our rivalries, but I always looked up to you so much. Nino. Thank you for being the sister who would always take charge when the going got rough. We may have argued and bickered a lot, but you never stopped being there when I needed a shoulder to cry on. Yotsuba. Thank you for being the sister that always gave energy to the mood around us. There were some...complications here and there, but you always helped me from the goodness of your heart. Itsuki. Thank you for being the sister that always tried to keep us on the right path. I'm sure there were plenty of times you were stumped on how we could move forward, but your willingness to always work hard inspired me so much. For a long time, I believed that I was lesser than my sisters in every way. But, we're just different. We all have our pros and cons, we help each other in things the other can't solve on their own. We may drift apart in our daily lives, but we'll always be five parts of something big. Thank you for loving me, I'm so glad you were my sisters."

…

…

"Soon, the bride and groom shall exit."

The guests were waiting for the final part of the ceremony outside of the church. Takeda and Maeda were talking with each other, while Isanari kept tricking Maruo to drink more than he had planned. Shimoda and Ebata knew they should probably stop him, but they wanted to see a drunk Maruo they hadn't seen since their university days.

Yotsuba:"The ceremonies ending soon, huh? After their honeymoon, we won't see them again for another year…"

Nino:"Yep. While Fuu-kun was able to take his classes in such a way that he'll graduate in just a few months, Miku still has a full year. Soon, she'll begin her final phase of Stagiaires. This time, she'll be coming to my restaurant. Haha! When I brought the idea of having her be a maid, Fuu-kun got jealous. That guy gets weirdly passionate sometimes."

Ichika:"After Fuutarou-kun graduates, he's supposedly going to start living with her before moving back here once she graduates."

Itsuki:"Yeah. Our Father-in-Law is seemingly doing something big for them. He says he's already begun remodeling."

Yotsuba:"I wonder what it is."

Miku and Fuutarou began to exit the church. Surrounded by cheers and flower petals, they walked together on their way to the limousine. On their way, they stopped for a little bit to look toward the hill where the hot springs resided.

Miku:"We'll be going now, grandpa."

Fuutarou:"Thank you for everything."

They continued their walk. Once they reached the car, it was time to throw the bouquet. Miku threw it with all of her might to the clamoring hopes of the crowd.

Ichika:"I wonder who's gonn-"

A gust of wind passes by Ichika. With incredible speed, the figure runs through any opening in the crowd that it sees. With a jump the size of its height, the figure catches the bouquet flawlessly.

Yotsuba:"Alright! I'm getting married!"

Nino:"That girl!"

Itsuki:"That's our athletic prodigy for you."

Miku and Fuutarou wave their goodbyes to all the guests before getting in and driving away.

…

…

Nino:"Well, that's over. What now?"

Raiha:"Heeey!"

As the sisters turn, they see Raiha with three envelopes.

Raiha:"Brother told me to give you guys these for when he and Miku left."

The three envelopes read as such: To Itsuki. To Nino. To Ichika and Yotsuba. Once they received the letters, Raiha went back to make sure Maruo and Isanari didn't get too drunk.

Itsuki:"I wonder what's inside."

Yotsuba:"Only one way to find out!"

Yotsuba opened hers and Ichika's first. She pulled the letter out. She could feel something was inside, but she decided to read the letter first.

Dear Yotsuba and Ichika,

I don't really know what to put in this letter, but I'll try my best. Miku and I wondered on how to thank you guys for what you guys did for us. Nino and Itsuki were easy to do, however, there was a lot of confusion for you guys. Eventually, we came up with the answer. You guys might freak out, but don't fret! My dad agreed to this. Think of this as my personal thank you to the two girls that helped me change into the person I am today, from that fateful day in Kyoto. Besides, didn't you say you wanted to be a bride, Yotsuba? You can save it until your time comes.

From,

Miku and Fuutarou

Yotsuba:"That's weird, what could it be?"

Yotsuba shook the envelope. Two rings dropped on her hand.

…

"EEEHHHHHHH!?"

Itsuki:"W-w-w-why are the rings here!?"

Ichika:"I heard the rings weren't present, but to t-think they would be here."

Nino:"Those idiots! That guy's stupidity got to Miku!"

Yotsuba stared at the rings in her hand. She put on a confident face and grasped the rings.

Yotsuba:"Okay!"

Yotsuba gave one of the rings to Ichika.

Yotsuba:"These are a gift from the two of them, it'd be rude not to accept it, right? I'm glad Fuutarou-kun still remembers the two of us. Let's make sure to keep them until we get married ourselves, alright?"

Ichika:"I guess you're right. Wait, two?"

{"You are the "Ace" of the family after all."}

Ichika:"Ah. Hehe, ahahaha! He already knew?"

Ichika takes out a small case. She opens it and gives something to Yotsuba.

Yotsuba:"What is this?"

Ichika:"It's one of our mother's earrings. Due to our careers, we might not see each other as much as the others, so we'll keep these to keep us together forever!"

Yotsuba:"Right! Thank you, Ichika."

Itsuki:"I suppose I should open mine."

Nino:"Itsuki, don't! They just gave them their rings! What's next, their will!?"

Itsuki:"Come on, Nino. Let's open them, they're presents after all."

Nino:"Geh! Fine! But if it's something too big, I'm throwing it back at them."

Nino opens her envelope and reaches in. She pulls out a bracelet.

Nino:"This is…!"

Dear Nino,

This will be a weird letter. From the day I met you, you really tried to get in my way of teaching you girls. I got so scared of you, it culminated in me using my very own disguise. But now, you've become one of my best friends. The bracelet was originally made by Raiha to give me a piece of mind. I even wore it today thanks to how nervous I was. However, a lot of memories I have with it include you. Thank you, Nino. You helped change me so much. I hope we're friends forever.

From,

Fuutarou and Kintarou

Nino:"...That idiot."

Nino puts on the bracelet in dramatic fashion.

Nino:"I'll wear this bracelet so well, you'll regret ever giving it away! What a stupid thing, of course we'll be friends forever!"

As Nino kept ranting, Itsuki began to open hers.

Itsuki:"Looks like it's my turn."

She reaches into her envelope. Once she grabs the object, she sees what it is.

Itsuki:"No way…"

Itsuki was holding the charm that he had given Fuutarou. The letter read…

Dear Itsuki,

This was such a pain to find. There were many times where I thought I would never find it again. Thanks to Yuusuke and Maeda, we were able to find it a week before graduation. I had planned to give you this during the last hot spring trip, but I forgot. I never looked inside...I didn't think I was good enough even after graduation. Now, during these times, I realized I didn't need to look inside it anyway. I already believe in myself thanks to the five of you. Thank you for everything, Itsuki. Thank you for helping me, Rena.

From, Fuutarou

Itsuki simply smiled.

The sisters all turned in the direction Miku and Fuutarou's ride went. Together, they all said…

"Miku! Fuutarou! Congratulations on your marriage!"

…

…

The limousine soon went through Eien Street. As they passed the very place Fuutarou confessed, Miku attempted to tease him but was countered with Fuutarou kissing her. Knowing two could play at that game, she kissed him back. This back and forth kept going as the limousine drove to where they would plan their honeymoon...

Chapter 10 End


Fuutarou's Final Regret Chapter 11: Epilogue, a quintessential quintuplets fanfic

…

…

[Man, this really has been a journey. I thought tutoring those five would be the worst experience of my life.]

…

…

Oda:"Ichika-chan!"

Ichika:"Manager! What's up?"

Oda:"You've been nominated for a prestigious award!"

Kiku:"That's great! You're becoming huge, Ichika!"

Ichika:"...Yeah. Let's keep working hard!"

Oda/Kiku:"Yeah!"

[My experiences with them changed me more than I could imagine. I can't believe I let them do that to me.]

…

…

"Chef Nino! We've been told that Michelin Star Inspectors may be coming soon!"

Nino:"So what? Our goal is far greater! Michelin is nothing more than a stepping stone to our true goal, to be the best in the country! Don't let this change how you work. Now, let's keep working!"

"Yes, chef!"

[We all failed at many things, time and time again. But you never gave up...None of you did.]

…

…

"Once again, the prodigy known as Yotsuba Nakano has shown her prowess once again! If she continues like this, she'll be a true force to be reckoned with in the upcoming Olympics!"

Yotsuba:"Ahahaha! I won another award!"

[Even with all these weird feelings they gave me...I can't in good faith say that I regret any of it.]

…

…

"Ms. Nakano! Ms. Nakano!"

Itsuki:"Yes, what is it?"

"Please help us with this!"

Itsuki:"Of course! Please tell me what you need help on!"

Mr. Jirou:"Ms. Nakano is still doing great, I see. With enough work, I could easily see her becoming Teacher of the Year."

[Haha. Quintuplets are such a pain.]

…

…

*1 year later*

Yotsuba:"It's finally open?"

Ichika:"Yeah, it's also going to double as their home. The renovations did wonders for the place."

Itsuki:"I hope they find great success."

Nino:"I wonder if they'll have her in a maid outfit, heh."

As the four sisters reach their destination, they see a store that had recently opened for business.

Yotsuba:"Looks like they've yet to put up a logo."

Nino:"They say they had an idea, they really should get on it."

The girls open the door. They're greeted by a marvelous variety of different baked goods. The atmosphere was inviting and happy. Soon, two people came to greet them with a smile.

Miku/Fuutarou:"Welcome to 'The Raided Bread of Uesugi Kenshin'!"

…

itsuki:"The what now?"

Ichika:"That's...a name, alright."

Nino:"Fuu-kun, explain! What with this lame name?"

Fuutarou:"I did want to have my own name…"

Yotsuba:"What was it?"

Fuutarou:"Give Us Money, We Have Bread!"

…

Nino:"That's even worse! That's it, upstairs! Bring Raiha too, we're having a family meeting!"

Nino begins pushing Fuutarou upstairs. Ichika and Itsuki followed suit.

Yotsuba:"Oh! Here, Miku. A gift to celebrate your graduation."

Miku:"Thank you. I'll open it later."

Yotsuba:"Hm? I just noticed. Did Fuutarou-kun buy you another ring?"

Yotsuba makes note of the ring Miku is wearing.

Miku:"He made it himself. It took a long time, but he never gave up. Looks great, doesn't it?"

Yotsuba:"Yeah! Congrats on the grand opening."

Miku:"Thank you. We're debating on whether we should expand to house more food in the future. My culinary school helped me expand my skills by a lot...It's a great thing, considering our household is going to gain a new mouth to feed soon."

Yotsuba:"That's great!"

…

Yotsuba:"Wait, what!? Miku, you have to give me details. What happened!?"

Miku:"Fufu, you know I can't give you details. Go on now, I'll catch up."

Yotsuba:"Fweh. Fine, but we'll get something out of you!"

Miku:"Fufu, you can try."

As Yotsuba went upstairs with the rest, Miku put the gift on a desk near the corner of the store. Miku looked at the rest of the items in said desk and developed a soft smile. On the desk were pictures from their high school graduation and wedding. A picture of the sisters from when they went to Kyoto 11 years ago was next to an old pair of headphones. Looking at these memories, Miku began to tear up.

Fuutarou:"Miku! Come on up, we can't start without you!"

Miku wipes her tears and responds in an energetic fashion.

Miku:"On my way!"

…

…

The End






















